>> Alternative C
1. The Federal Open Market Committee decided today to lower its target for the federal funds rate 50 basis points to 0.5 percent.
2. Reflecting in part the intensification of the financial strains earlier in the fall, the pace of economic activity has slowed further and the near-term outlook has worsened. Labor market conditions have continued to deteriorate, and consumer spending, business investment, and industrial production have declined.
3. In light of the declines in the prices of energy and other commodities and the weaker prospects for economic activity, the Committee expects inflation to moderate in coming quarters and sees some risk that inflation could decline for a time below rates that best foster economic growth and price stability in the longer term.
4. In these circumstances, the Committee’s primary concern is the downside risks to the economy. The Committee will monitor economic and financial developments carefully and will use all available tools to promote the resumption of sustainable economic growth and to preserve price stability.
5. In particular, as previously announced, over the next few quarters the Federal Reserve will purchase large quantities of agency debt and mortgage-backed securities to provide support to the mortgage and housing markets, and it stands ready to expand its purchases of agency debt and mortgage-backed securities as conditions warrant. The Committee is also evaluating the potential benefits of purchasing longer-term Treasury securities. Early next year, the Federal Reserve will implement the Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility to facilitate the extension of credit to households and small businesses. The Federal Reserve continues to consider possible additions to and expansions of its liquidity facilities, as well as other means of using its balance sheet to further support credit markets and economic activity.
6. In a related action, the Board of Governors unanimously approved a 50-basis-point decrease in the discount rate to 1/2 percent. In taking this action, the Board approved the requests submitted by the Boards of Directors of the Federal Reserve Banks of...
7. In view of the large volume of reserves provided by the Federal Reserve’s various liquidity facilities, the Committee recognizes that the federal funds rate is likely to average somewhat below the 0.5 percent target.

