>> Alternative B
1. The Federal Open Market Committee decided today to establish a target range for the federal funds rate of 0 to 1/4 percent.
2. Since the Committee’s last meeting, labor market conditions have deteriorated, and the available data indicate that consumer spending, business investment, and industrial production have declined. Overall, the outlook for economic activity has weakened further.
3. Meanwhile, inflationary pressures have diminished quickly. In light of the declines in the prices of energy and other commodities and the weaker prospects for economic activity, the Committee expects inflation to moderate in coming quarters and sees some risk that inflation could decline for a time below rates that best foster economic growth and price stability in the longer term.
4. The Federal Reserve will employ all available tools to promote the resumption of sustainable economic growth and to preserve price stability. In particular, as previously announced, over the next few quarters the Federal Reserve will purchase large quantities of agency debt and mortgage-backed securities to provide support to the mortgage and housing markets, and it stands ready to expand its purchases of agency debt and mortgage-backed securities and as conditions warrant. The Committee is also evaluating the potential benefits of purchasing longer-term Treasury securities. Early next year, the Federal Reserve will also implement the Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility to facilitate the extension of credit to households and small businesses. The Federal Reserve continues to consider possible additions to and expansions of its liquidity facilities, as well as other means of using its balance sheet to further support credit markets and economic activity.
5. In a related action, the Board of Governors unanimously approved a 75-basis-point decrease in the discount rate to 1/2 percent. In taking this action, the Board approved the requests submitted by the Boards of Directors of the Federal Reserve Banks of... The Board also established interest rates on required and excess reserve balances of 1/4 percent.

