>> Alternative Ax
1. Since the Committee’s last meeting, labor market conditions have deteriorated, and the available data indicate that consumer spending, business investment, and industrial production have declined. Overall, the outlook for economic activity has weakened further.
2. Meanwhile, inflationary pressures have diminished quickly. In light of the declines in the prices of energy and other commodities and the weaker prospects for economic activity, the Committee expects inflation to moderate in coming quarters and sees some risk that inflation could decline for a time below rates that best foster economic growth and price stability in the longer term. In support of its dual mandate, the Committee will seek to achieve a rate of inflation, as measured by the price index for personal consumption expenditures, of about 2 percent in the medium term.
3. In current circumstances, the Committee judged that it was not useful to set a specific target for the federal funds rate. As a result of the large volume of reserves provided by the Federal Reserve’s various liquidity facilities, the federal funds rate has declined to very low levels, and the Committee anticipates that weak economic conditions are likely to warrant federal funds rates near zero for some time.
4. The focus of policy going forward will be to continue to support the functioning of financial markets and stimulate the economy through open market operations and other measures that entail the use of the Federal Reserve’s balance sheet. In particular, as previously announced, over the next few quarters the Federal Reserve will purchase large quantities of agency debt and mortgage-backed securities to provide support to the mortgage and housing markets, and it stands ready to expand its purchases of agency debt and mortgage-backed securities as conditions warrant. The Committee is also evaluating the potential benefits of purchasing longer-term Treasury securities. Early next year, the Federal Reserve will also implement the Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility to facilitate the extension of credit to households and small businesses. The Federal Reserve will continue to actively consider ways of using its balance sheet to further support credit markets and economic activity.
5. In related actions, the Board of Governors today approved a 75 basis point decrease in the primary credit rate to 1/2 percent and established interest rates on required and excess reserve balances of 1/4 percent. In approving the reduction in the discount rate, the Board acted on requests submitted by the Federal Reserve Banks of...


