>> Alternative A
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in March indicates that the economy continues to contract. Job losses, lower housing wealth, and tight credit conditions have weighed on consumer sentiment and spending. Weak sales prospects and difficulties in obtaining credit have led businesses to cut back on inventories and fixed investment. Although the economic outlook has improved modestly since the March meeting, partly reflecting some easing of financial market conditions, the Committee anticipates that economic activity will continue to contract in the near term and that the subsequent recovery could be sluggish.
2. In light of increasing economic slack here and abroad, the Committee expects that inflation will remain subdued. Moreover, the Committee sees some risk that inflation could persist for a time below rates that are most consistent with sustainable economic growth and price stability in the longer term.
3. In these circumstances, the Committee has decided to provide additional monetary stimulus by stepping up its purchases of longer-term securities. To improve conditions in private credit markets, the Federal Reserve has recently begun purchasing longer-term Treasury securities, and the Committee now intends to acquire up to $750 billion of these securities by year-end. The Committee continues to anticipate that the Federal Reserve will purchase up to $1.25 trillion of agency mortgage-backed securities and up to $200 billion of agency debt over the course of this year. The Committee is prepared to make further adjustments to the timing and overall amounts of these purchases of Treasury, agency, and mortgage-backed securities as appropriate in view of the evolving economic outlook and conditions in financial markets. The Committee will maintain the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 1/4 percent and anticipates that economic conditions are likely to warrant exceptionally low levels of the federal funds rate for an extended period. The Federal Reserve is facilitating the extension of credit to households and businesses and supporting the functioning of financial markets through a range of liquidity programs. The Committee will continue to carefully monitor the size and composition of the Federal Reserve's balance sheet in light of financial and economic developments.


