>> Alternative C
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in April suggests that the pace of economic contraction is slowing. Conditions in financial markets have improved in recent months, and indicators of consumer and business sentiment have risen. Household spending has shown further signs of stabilizing but remains constrained by ongoing job losses, lower housing wealth, and tight credit. Businesses have continued to cut back on fixed investment and staffing but appear to be making progress in bringing inventory stocks into better alignment with sales. The Committee anticipates that policy actions to stabilize financial markets and institutions, fiscal and monetary stimulus, and market forces will contribute to a gradual recovery in economic activity that is expected to begin later this year.
2. Although the prices of energy and other commodities have risen of late, core inflation has remained moderate, and the Committee expects that overall inflation will remain subdued.
3. In these circumstances, the Federal Reserve is employing a wide array of tools to promote economic recovery and to preserve price stability. The Committee will maintain the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25 percent and anticipates that economic conditions are likely to warrant exceptionally low levels of the federal funds rate until late this year. As previously announced, to provide support to mortgage lending and housing markets and to improve overall conditions in private credit markets, the Federal Reserve will purchase a total of up to $1.25 trillion of agency mortgage-backed securities and up to $200 billion of agency debt by the end of the year. In addition, the Federal Reserve will buy up to $300 billion of Treasury securities by autumn. The Committee anticipates that the pace of purchases of such securities will taper off gradually by the end of this year. The Committee will continue to evaluate the timing, composition, and overall amounts of its securities purchases and to carefully monitor the Federal Reserve’s balance sheet. The Federal Reserve will make adjustments to its credit and liquidity programs as warranted in light of the evolving economic outlook and conditions in financial markets.   