>> Alternative B2
1. The Federal Open Market Committee decided today to increase the size of the Federal Reserve’s balance sheet further by purchasing an additional $500 billion of agency mortgagebacked securities, bringing its total purchases of these securities to $1 trillion this year; at least half of this total will be acquired by June. The Committee anticipates that this action will provide greater support to mortgage lending and housing markets. The Committee also is prepared to purchase longer-term Treasury securities if evolving circumstances indicate that such transactions would be particularly effective in improving conditions in private credit markets. The Federal Reserve has launched the Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility to facilitate the extension of credit to households and small businesses and anticipates that the range of eligible collateral for this facility is likely to be expanded to include other financial assets. The Committee will maintain the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25 percent and anticipates that economic conditions are likely to warrant exceptionally low levels of the federal funds rate for some time.
2. This decision reflects information received since the Committee met in January that indicates that the economy is undergoing a severe contraction and that the outlook for the next several quarters has worsened. Job losses, declining equity and housing wealth, and tight credit conditions have weighed on consumer sentiment and spending. Weaker sales prospects and difficulties in obtaining credit have led businesses to cut back on inventories and fixed investment. U.S. exports have slumped as a number of major trading partners have also fallen into recession. Although the near-term economic outlook is weak, the Committee anticipates that policy actions to stabilize financial markets and institutions, together with fiscal and monetary stimulus, will contribute to a gradual resumption of sustainable economic growth.
3. In light of increasing economic slack here and abroad, the Committee expects that inflation will remain subdued. Moreover, the Committee sees some risk that inflation could persist for a time below rates that best foster economic growth and price stability in the longer term.
4. The Federal Reserve will continue to employ all available tools to promote economic recovery and to preserve price stability. The Committee will monitor carefully the size and composition of the Federal Reserve's balance sheet in light of evolving financial market developments and will assess whether lending facilities should be expanded or modified to provide further support to credit markets and economic activity and to help preserve price stability.


