>> Alternative A
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in November suggests that economic activity has continued to pick up and that the deterioration in the labor market is abating. The housing sector has shown some signs of improvement over recent months, boosted in part by government incentives for first-time homebuyers. Household spending appears to be expanding but remains constrained by the weak labor market, modest income growth, lower housing wealth, and tight credit. Business spending is being dampened by firms’ efforts to reduce inventories to bring them into better alignment with sales and by cutbacks in fixed investment. Partly reflecting these factors, the Committee anticipates that the economic recovery will be sluggish and that slack in resource utilization will diminish quite slowly absent further policy action. 
2. Inflation has fallen considerably over the past year. With substantial resource slack likely to continue to dampen cost pressures and with longer-term inflation expectations stable, the Committee expects that inflation will remain subdued for some time.
3. To promote a stronger economic recovery and higher resource utilization, the Committee will provide additional monetary stimulus by increasing its purchases of agency mortgage-backed securities to a total of $1.5 trillion, up from the previously announced amount of $1.25 trillion; the Committee anticipates that these purchases will be executed by the end of the second quarter of 2010. The Committee is also in the process of purchasing $175 billion of agency debt ; it anticipates that these purchases will be completed by the end of the first quarter of 2010. The Committee will continue to evaluate the timing and overall amounts of its purchases of securities in light of the evolving economic outlook and conditions in financial markets. The Committee will maintain the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25 percent and continues to anticipate that low rates of resource utilization, subdued inflation trends, and stable inflation expectations are likely to warrant this exceptionally low range for the federal funds rate for an extended period. The Federal Reserve will continue to employ a wide range of tools to promote economic recovery and to preserve price stability. The Federal Reserve is monitoring the size and composition of its balance sheet and will make adjustments to its credit and liquidity programs as warranted.


