>> Alternative C
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in August suggests that a recovery in economic activity has begun. Conditions in financial markets have improved further. Consumer spending seems to be stabilizing but has yet to show sustained strength. Activity in the housing sector has increased. Businesses are still cutting back on fixed investment and staffing,though at a slower pace; they continue to make progress in bringing inventory stocks into better alignment with sales. The Committee anticipates that policy actions to stabilize financial markets and institutions, fiscal and monetary stimulus, and market forces will support a strengthening of economic growth in a context of price stability. 
2. With inflation expectations apparently well anchored, the Committee expects that inflation will remain subdued for some time. 
3. In view of improving economic and financial market conditions, the Committee now plans to purchase a total of about $1 trillion of agency mortgage-backed securities and about $150 billion of agency debt, somewhat less than the previously announced maximum amounts. To promote a smooth transition in markets, the Committee will gradually slow the pace of its purchases until their expected completion by the end of the year. As previously announced, the Federal Reserve 's purchases of $300 billion of Treasury securities will be completed by the end of October. The Federal Reserve is monitoring the size and composition of its balance sheet and will make adjustments to its credit and liquidity programs as warranted. So long as inflation remains well contained, the Committee will maintain the target range for the federal funds rate at its exceptionally low level of 0 to 0.25 percent until it has greater assurance that the economic recovery will be sustained.The Committee will continue to evaluate timing and overall amounts of its purchases of securities in light of the evolving economic outlook and conditions in financial markets. 
  