>> Alternative C
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in June suggests that economic activity is leveling out and that downside risks are diminishing. Household spending has continued to show signs of stabilizing but remains constrained by ongoing job losses, sluggish income growth, lower housing wealth, and tight credit. Businesses are still cutting back on fixed investment and staffing but have made progress in bringing inventory stocks into better alignment with sales. Meanwhile, conditions in financial markets have improved further in recent weeks. Although economic activity is likely to remain weak for a time, the Committee anticipates that policy actions to stabilize financial markets and institutions, fiscal and monetary stimulus, and market forces will continue to contribute to a gradual resumption of sustainable economic growth in a context of price stability. 
2. The prices of energy and other commodities have risen of late. However, substantial resource slack is likely to dampen cost pressures, and the Committee expects that inflation will remain subdued for some time. 
3. In view of the improved economic outlook, the Committee has judged that some reduction in overall monetary stimulus is appropriate. The Committee now expects that its purchases of agency mortgage-backed securities (MBS) and agency debt will cumulate to about $1 trillion and about $150 billion, respectively, somewhat less than the previously announced maximum amounts. The Federal Reserve is nearing completion of its purchase of roughly $300 billion of Treasury securities. To promote a smooth transition in markets as its purchases of Treasury securities, agency debt, and agency MBS come to an end, the Committee has decided to gradually slow the pace of these transactions. Consistent with these adjustments, the Committee now expects that its purchases of Treasury securities will be completed by the end of October, and it continues to anticipate that its purchases of agency debt and MBS will be completed by the end of the year. The Committee will continue to evaluate the timing and overall amounts of its purchases of securities in light of the evolving economic outlook and conditions in financial markets. The Federal Reserve is carefully monitoring the size and composition of its balance sheet and will make adjustments to its credit and liquidity programs as warranted. The Committee now anticipates that economic conditions are likely to warrant maintenance of the current 0 to 0.25 percent range for the federal funds rate at least through the end of this year. 



  