>> Alternative A
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in April suggests that the pace of economic contraction is slowing. Indicators of consumer and business sentiment have risen, and household expenditures have shown further signs of stabilizing; nonetheless, spending remains constrained by ongoing job losses, lower housing wealth, and tight credit. Businesses continue to cut back on fixed investment and staffing but are making progress in bringing inventory stocks into better alignment with sales. Although conditions in financial markets have generally improved, the Committee judges that further monetary policy stimulus is warranted to help ensure that the sharp rise in some longer-term interest rates over recent months does not undermine
a recovery in overall economic activity.
2. Substantial resource slack is likely to persist here and abroad, and the Committee expects that inflation will remain subdued. Moreover, the Committee still sees some risk that inflation could persist for a time below rates that best foster economic growth and price stability in the longer term.
3. In these circumstances, the Federal Reserve is employing a wide array of tools to promote economic recovery and to preserve price stability. The Committee will maintain the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25 percent and anticipates that economic conditions are likely to warrant exceptionally low levels of the federal funds rate for an extended period. To provide additional support to mortgage lending and housing markets and to facilitate further improvement in private credit market conditions, the Committee decided to increase the total amount of its large-scale securities purchases. The Committee now anticipates that over the course of this year the Federal Reserve will purchase up to $1.25 trillion of agency mortgage-backed securities, up to $200 billion of agency debt, and up to $750 billion of Treasury securities. The Committee will evaluate the timing, composition, and amounts of any additional purchases of securities in view of market conditions, the evolving economic outlook, and the necessity of assuring that policy accommodation can ultimately be withdrawn smoothly and at the appropriate time. The Federal Reserve will also be monitoring the size and composition of its balance sheet and will make adjustments to its credit and liquidity programs as warranted in light of financial and economic developments.

