>> Alternative A
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in August indicates that economic activity is leveling out, and conditions in financial markets have improved somewhat further. Businesses have made progress in bringing inventory stocks into better alignment with sales. However, household spending is sluggish, job losses are ongoing, and credit remains tight. Although the Committee continues to anticipate a resumption of economic growth in a context of price stability, absent further policy action the economic recovery could be relatively weak, with slack in resource utilization diminishing quite slowly. 
2. Inflation has fallen considerably over the past year. With substantial resource slack likely to continue to dampen cost pressures, the Committee expects that inflation will remain subdued for some time. 
3. To promote a sustained economic recovery and higher resource utilization, the Committee has decided to provide additional monetary stimulus by increasing its purchases of agency mortgage-backed securities to a total of $1.5 trillion, up from the previously announced amount of as much as $1.25 trillion, and to extend these purchases through the second quarter of 2010. As previously announced, the Federal Reserve is in the process of buying $300 billion of Treasury securities by the end of October and up to $200 billion of agency debt by the end of the year. The Committee will maintain the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25 percent and continues to anticipate that low levels of resource utilization and subdued inflation are likely to warrant exceptionally low levels of the federal funds rate for an extended period. The Committee will continue to evaluate the timing and overall amounts of its purchases of securities, in light of the evolving economic outlook and conditions in financial markets. The Federal Reserve is monitoring the size and composition of its balance sheet and will make adjustments to its credit and liquidity programs as warranted 


