>> Alternative C
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in November indicates that a recovery in economic activity is under way. The housing sector has shown some signs of improvement over recent months. The deterioration in the labor market appears to be abating and household spending is expanding. Businesses have made additional progress in bringing inventory stocks into better alignment with sales. Financial market conditions have become more supportive of economic growth. Although economic activity is likely to remain weak for a time, the Committee anticipates that policy actions to stabilize financial markets and institutions, fiscal and monetary stimulus, and market forces will contribute to a strengthening of economic growth and a gradual return to higher levels of resource utilization in a context of price stability.
2. Longer term inflation expectations have been stable, and the Committee expects that, with appropriate monetary policy adjustments, inflation will remain at levels consistent with price stability.
3. At this meeting, the Committee maintained the target range for the federal funds rate at its exceptionally low level of 0 to 0.25 percent, and it anticipates that economic conditions, including low rates of resource utilization, subdued inflation trends, and stable inflation expectations, are likely to warrant low levels of the federal funds rate for some time. In view of continued improvements in financial market conditions and the economic outlook, the Committee decided to cap its purchases of agency mortgage-backed securities at $1.1 trillion and its purchases of agency debt at $160 billion, and it anticipates that these transactions will be executed by the end of January 2010. The Committee will continue to evaluate the timing and overall amounts of its purchases of securities in light of the evolving economic outlook and conditions in financial markets.
4. In light of ongoing improvements in the functioning of financial markets, the Committee and the Board of Governors anticipate that most of the Federal Reserve’s special liquidity facilities will expire on February 1, 2010, consistent with the Federal Reserve’s announcement of June 25, 2009. These facilities include the Asset-Backed Commercial Paper Money Market Mutual Fund Liquidity Facility, the Commercial Paper Funding Facility, the Primary Dealer Credit Facility, and the Term Securities Lending Facility. The Federal Reserve will also be working with its central bank counterparties to close its temporary liquidity swap arrangements by February 1. The Federal Reserve expects that amounts provided under the Term Auction Facility will continue to be scaled back in early 2010. The anticipated expiration dates for the Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility remain set at June 30, 2010, for loans backed by new-issue commercial mortgage-backed securities and March 31, 2010, for loans backed by all other types of collateral. The Federal Reserve is prepared to modify these plans if necessary to support financial stability and economic growth. 



























  