>> Alternative B
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in April suggests that the pace of economic contraction is slowing. Conditions in financial markets have generally improved in recent months, and indicators of consumer and business sentiment have risen. Household spending has shown further signs of stabilizing but remains constrained by ongoing job losses, lower housing wealth, and tight credit. Businesses have continued to cut back on fixed investment and staffing but appear to be making progress in bringing inventory
tocks into better alignment with sales. Although economic activity is likely to remain weak for a time, the Committee anticipates that policy actions to stabilize financial markets and institutions, fiscal and monetary stimulus, and market forces will contribute to a gradual resumption of sustainable economic growth in a context of price stability.
2. The prices of energy and other commodities have risen of late. However, substantial resource slack is likely to persist here and abroad, dampening cost pressures for some time, and the Committee expects that inflation will remain subdued.
3. In these circumstances, the Federal Reserve is employing a wide array of tools to promote economic recovery and to preserve price stability. The Committee will maintain the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25 percent and continues to anticipate that economic conditions are likely to warrant exceptionally low levels of the federal funds rate for an extended period. As previously announced, to provide support to mortgage lending and housing markets and to improve overall conditions in private credit markets, the Federal Reserve will purchase a total of up to $1.25 trillion of agency mortgage-backed securities and up to $200 billion of agency debt by the end of the year. In addition, the Federal Reserve will buy up to $300 billion of Treasury securities by autumn. The Committee may modify the timing and composition of these purchases in view of market conditions and the evolving economic outlook. In evaluating possible purchases beyond the amounts already announced, the Committee will also take careful account of the necessity of assuring that policy accommodation can ultimately be withdrawn smoothly and at the appropriate time. The Federal Reserve will be monitoring the size and composition of its balance sheet and will make adjustments to its credit and liquidity programs as warranted in light of financial and economic developments. 

