>> Alternative A
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in September suggests that economic activity has turned up. Conditions financial markets were roughly unchanged, on balance, over intermeeting period, and housing sector increased recent months. Household spending appears to be expanding, but remains constrained by ongoing job losses, sluggish income growth, lower wealth, tight credit. Business is being damped firms’ efforts reduce inventories bring them into better alignment with sales cutbacks in fixed investment. Partly reflecting these factors, anticipates recovery will relatively weak slack resource utilization diminish quite slowly absent further policy action. 
2. Inflation has fallen considerably over the past year. With substantial resource slack likely to continue to dampen cost pressures and with longer-term inflation expectations stable, the Committee expects that inflation will remain subdued for some time.
3. To promote a sustained economic recovery and higher resource utilization, the Committee will provide additional monetary stimulus by increasing its purchases of agency mortgage-backed securities to a total of $1.5 trillion, up from the previously announced amount of $1.25 trillion, and it is also in the process of purchasing up to $200 billion of agency debt. The Committee will extend these purchases through the second quarter of 2010 and gradually slow their pace in order to promote a smooth transition in markets. The Committee will continue to evaluate the timing and overall amounts of its purchases of securities, in light of the evolving economic outlook and conditions in financial markets. The Committee will maintain the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25 percent and continues to anticipate that low rates of resource utilization and subdued inflation are likely to warrant this exceptionally low range for the federal funds rate for an extended period. The Federal Reserve will continue to employ a wide range of tools to promote economic recovery and to preserve price stability. The Federal Reserve is monitoring the size and composition of its balance sheet and will make adjustments to its credit and liquidity programs as warranted.


