>> Alternative C2
1. The Federal Open Market Committee today reaffirmed that the focus of its policy is to support the functioning of financial markets and to stimulate the economy through measures that are likely to keep the size of the Federal Reserve's balance sheet at a high level. The Federal Reserve continues to purchase large quantities of agency debt and mortgage-backed securities to provide support to the mortgage and housing markets, and it stands ready to expand the quantity of such purchases and the duration of the purchase program as conditions warrant. The Committee also is prepared to purchase longer-term Treasury securities if evolving circumstances indicate that such transactions would be particularly effective in improving conditions in private credit markets. The Federal Reserve has launched the Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility to facilitate the extension of credit to households and small businesses and anticipates that the range of eligible collateral for this facility is likely to be expanded to include other financial assets. The Committee will maintain the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25 percent and anticipates that economic conditions are likely to warrant exceptionally low levels of the federal funds rate for some time.
2. Information received since the Committee met in January indicates that the economy has slowed further. Job losses, declining equity and housing wealth, and tight credit conditions have weighed on consumer sentiment and spending. Weaker sales prospects and difficulties in obtaining credit have led businesses to cut back on inventories and fixed investment. Furthermore, global demand appears to be slowing significantly. Conditions in some financial markets have improved, in part reflecting government efforts to provide liquidity and strengthen financial institutions. The Committee anticipates that a gradual recovery in economic activity will begin later this year, but the downside risks to that outlook are significant.
3. In light of the declines in the prices of energy and other commodities that occurred last fall and the prospects for considerable economic slack, the Committee expects that inflation will remain subdued in coming quarters before returning to rates that best foster economic growth and price stability in the longer term.
4. The Federal Reserve will continue to employ all available tools to promote economic recovery and to preserve price stability. The Committee will monitor carefully the size and composition of the Federal Reserve's balance sheet in light of evolving financial market developments and will assess whether lending facilities should be expanded or modified to provide further support to credit markets and economic activity and to help preserve price stability.
  
  