>> Alternative Ax
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in March suggests that economic activity has continued to strengthen and that the labor market is showing signs of improving. Although growth in household spending has picked up recently, it is likely to remain constrained by high unemployment, modest income growth, lower housing wealth, and tight credit. Business spending on equipment and software has risen significantly; however, investment in nonresidential structures is declining and employers remain reluctant to add to payrolls. Housing starts have edged up but remain at a depressed level. While bank lending continues to contract, financial market conditions remain supportive of economic growth.
2. Although longer-term inflation expectations have remained stable, recent data suggest inflation has been trending down in response to substantial resource slack. The Committee anticipates that inflation is likely to be quite subdued for some time.
3. To promote a more robust economic recovery in a context of price stability, the Committee anticipates maintaining the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25 percent for an extended period—until economic conditions such as appreciably higher rates of resource utilization, increasing inflation pressures, or rising inflation expectations warrant a less accommodative monetary policy. The Committee will continue to monitor the economic outlook and financial developments and will employ its policy tools as necessary to promote economic recovery and price stability.
4. To gradually reduce the size of the Federal Reserve’s balance sheet and return it to a more normal composition over time, the Committee will maintain its approach of not reinvesting the proceeds of maturing agency debt and payments on mortgage-backed securities held by the System Open Market Account. The Committee is continuing to roll over maturing Treasury securities.
5. In light of improved functioning of financial markets, the Federal Reserve has closed all but one of the special liquidity facilities that it created to support markets during the crisis. The only remaining such program, the Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility, is scheduled to close on June 30 for loans backed by new-issue commercial mortgage-backed securities; it closed on March 31 for loans backed by all other types of collateral.


