>> Alternative C
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in March indicates that economic activity has continued to strengthen and that the labor market is improving. Though investment in nonresidential structures is declining, housing starts have edged up, growth in household spending has increased, and business spending on equipment and software has risen significantly. While bank lending continues to contract, financial market conditions have become more supportive of economic growth. With economic recovery under way, the Committee anticipates a gradual return to higher levels of resource utilization.
2. Although energy prices have risen on balance in recent months, inflation has remained subdued. The Committee will adjust the stance of monetary policy as necessary over time to ensure that longer-term inflation expectations remain well anchored and that inflation outcomes are consistent with price stability.
3. The Committee will maintain the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 1/4 percent and now anticipates that economic conditions, including low rates of resource utilization, subdued inflation trends, and stable inflation expectations, are likely to warrant exceptionally low levels of the federal funds rate for some time.
4. The Committee will maintain its approach of not reinvesting the proceeds of maturing agency debt and payments on mortgage-backed securities held by the System Open Market Account. In addition, on May 3 the Committee will stop reinvesting the proceeds of maturing Treasury securities. To further reduce the size of the Federal Reserve’s balance sheet, and to return the balance sheet to a more normal composition, the Committee anticipates that it will soon begin gradual sales of agency debt and mortgage-backed securities. The timing and pace of such sales will depend on evolving economic and financial conditions. The Committee will continue to monitor the economic outlook and financial developments and will employ its policy tools as necessary to promote economic recovery and price stability.
5. In light of improved functioning of financial markets, the Federal Reserve has closed all but one of the special liquidity facilities that it created to support markets during the crisis. The only remaining such program, the Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility, is scheduled to close on June 30 for loans backed by new-issue commercial mortgagebacked securities; it closed on March 31 for loans backed by all other types of collateral.
  