>> Alternative A2 
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in August confirms that the pace of recovery in output and employment has slowed in recent months. Household spending is increasing only gradually, constrained by high unemployment, modest income growth, lower housing wealth, and tight credit. Business spending on equipment and software has slowed and investment in nonresidential structures continues to be weak. Employers remain reluctant to add to payrolls. Housing starts remain at a depressed level. Bank lending has continued to contract. The Committee anticipates a gradual return to higher levels of resource utilization in a context of price stability, although the pace of economic recovery is likely to be modest in the near term. 
2. Measures of underlying inflation have trended lower in recent quarters, to levels below those the Committee judges most consistent, over the longer run, with its mandate to promote maximum employment and price stability. In the current environment, disinflation is an impediment to economic recovery. 
3. The Committee will maintain the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25 percent and continues to anticipate that economic conditions, including low rates of resource utilization, subdued inflation trends, and stable inflation expectations, are likely to warrant exceptionally low levels for the federal funds rate for an extended period. 
4. To help foster a stronger pace of economic recovery and to move underlying inflation closer, over time, to rates consistent with its mandate, the Committee will increase its total holdings of securities to approximately $2.5 trillion by purchasing an additional $500 billion of longer-term Treasury securities over the next six months. The Committee will maintain its existing policy of reinvesting principal payments from its securities holdings. 
5. The Committee will continue to monitor the economic outlook and financial developments and will act as needed to support a stronger economic recovery and foster price stability.  

