>> Alternative A 
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in September confirms that the pace of recovery in output and employment continues to be slow.Household spending is increasing gradually, but remains constrained by high unemployment, modest income growth, lower housing wealth, and tight credit. Business spending on equipment and software is rising, though less rapidly than earlier in the year, while investment in nonresidential structures continues to be weak. Employers remain reluctant to add to payrolls. Housing starts continue to be depressed. Longer-term inflation expectations have remained stable, but measures of underlying inflation have trended lower in recent quarters. 
2. Consistent with its statutory mandate, the Committee seeks to foster maximum employment and price stability. Currently, the unemployment rate is elevated, and measures of underlying inflation are somewhat low, relative to levels that the Committee judges to be consistent with its dual mandate. Although the Committee anticipates a gradual return to higher levels of resource utilization in a context of price stability, it judges that progress toward its objectives has been unacceptably slow. 
3. To promote a stronger pace of economic recovery and to return inflation, over time, to levels consistent with its mandate, the Committee decided today to expand its holdings of securities. The Committee will maintain its existing policy of reinvesting principal payments from its securities holdings and intends to purchase an additional $1 trillion of longer-term Treasury securities by the end of 2011, an average pace of approximately $70 billion of purchases per month.
4. The Committee expects to maintain the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25 percent at least until mid-2012, so long as: The unemployment rate remains elevated; the Committee continues to anticipate that such a policy stance will not lead to rates of inflation in the intermediate term that exceed the levels that it deems consistent with its mandate; and longer-term inflation expectations remain well anchored. 
5. The Committee will continue to monitor the economic outlook and financial developments and is prepared to provide additional accommodation as needed to strengthen the economic recovery and move inflation, over time, to levels consistent with its mandate. 


