>> Alternative Cx
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in January indicates that economic activity has continued to advance and that the labor market is beginning to stabilize. Consumer spending is expanding, business spending on equipment and software has risen appreciably, and firms have brought inventory stocks into better alignment with sales. While bank lending continues to contract, financial market conditions remain supportive of economic growth. With a sustainable economic recovery now under way, the Committee anticipates a gradual return to higher levels of resource utilization.
2. Higher energy prices have been reflected in a recent modest pickup in inflation, but underlying inflation pressures remain muted. The Committee will adjust the stance of monetary policy as necessary over time to ensure that longer-term inflation expectations remain well anchored and that inflation outcomes are consistent with price stability.
3. The Committee will maintain the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25 percent and continues to anticipate that economic conditions, including low rates of resource utilization, subdued inflation trends, and stable inflation expectations, are likely to warrant exceptionally low levels of the federal funds rate for some time, at least through the end of the second quarter. The Federal Reserve has been purchasing $1.25 trillion of agency mortgage-backed securities and about $175 billion of agency debt; those purchases are nearing completion, and the remaining transactions will be executed by the end of this month.
4. Although the federal funds rate is likely to remain exceptionally low for some time, the Federal Reserve will need to begin to tighten monetary conditions at the appropriate time to prevent the development of inflationary pressures. Over coming months, the Federal Reserve will continue to test its tools for draining reserves. In due course, those operations will be scaled up to drain more significant volumes of reserve balances, and then the Federal Reserve will increase the interest rate paid on reserves and its target for the federal funds rate. The Committee anticipates that any sales of the Federal Reserve’s securities holdings would be gradual and would not occur until after policy tightening is under way and the economic recovery is sufficiently advanced. The Committee will monitor the economic outlook and financial developments in determining the timing and sequence of its measures for policy firming and will employ its tools as necessary to promote economic recovery and price stability.
5. In light of improved functioning of financial markets, the Federal Reserve has been closing the special liquidity facilities that it created to support markets during the crisis. The only remaining such program, the Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility, is scheduled to close on June 30 for loans backed by new-issue commercial mortgage-backed securities and on March 31 for loans backed by all other types of collateral.


