>> Alternative A
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in December suggests that economic activity has continued to pick up and that the deterioration in the labor market is abating. Household spending is expanding at a moderate rate but remains constrained by a weak labor market, modest income growth, lower housing wealth, and tight credit. Business spending on equipment and software appears to be picking up, but investment in structures is still contracting and firms remain reluctant to add to payrolls. Recent data indicate that housing activity remains sluggish and the level of foreclosures continues to be elevated. In light of the weakness in labor markets and prospects for a subpar economic recovery, the Committee judges that further monetary stimulus is warranted.
2. Energy prices have risen in recent months, but core inflation has remained low.With substantial resource slack continuing to restrain cost pressures and longer-term inflation expectations stable, inflation is likely to be subdued for some time.
3. To provide further support to mortgage lending and housing markets and to promote a more robust economic recovery in a context of price stability, the Committee decided to expand its purchases of agency mortgage-backed securities to a total of $1.5 trillion, up from the previously announced amount of $1.25 trillion; the Committee anticipates that these transactions will be executed by the end of the third quarter. The Federal Reserve is also in the process of purchasing about $175 billion of agency debt, and the Committee anticipates that those transactions will be executed by the end of the first quarter. The Committee will continue to evaluate the timing and overall amounts of its purchases of securities in light of the evolving economic outlook and conditions in financial markets.
The Committee will maintain the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25 percent and continues to anticipate that economic conditions, including low rates of resource utilization, subdued inflation trends, and stable inflation expectations, are likely to warrant exceptionally low levels of the federal funds rate for an extended period.
4. In light of improved functioning of financial markets, the Federal Reserve will be closing the Asset-Backed Commercial Paper Money Market Mutual Fund Liquidity Facility, the Commercial Paper Funding Facility, the Primary Dealer Credit Facility, and the Term Securities Lending Facility on February 1, as previously announced. In addition, the temporary liquidity swap arrangements between the Federal Reserve and other central banks will expire on February 1. The amounts provided under the Term Auction Facility will continue to be scaled back, with $50 billion in 28-day credit to be offered at the next auction on February 8; the Federal Reserve expects to offer $25 billion in 28-day credit on March 8 and will consider whether to conduct further auctions beyond that date. The anticipated expiration dates for the Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility remain set at June 30 for loans backed by new-issue commercial mortgage-backed securities and March 31 for loans backed by all other types of collateral. The Federal Reserve is prepared to modify these plans if necessary to support financial stability and economic growth.


