>> Alternative A
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in April suggests that economic activity has continued to strengthen gradually and that the labor market is improving slowly. Household spending is increasing but remains constrained by high unemployment, modest income growth, lower housing wealth, and tight credit. Business spending on equipment and software appears to be rising at a robust pace; however, investment in nonresidential structures continues to be weak and employers remain reluctant to add to payrolls. Housing starts remain at a depressed level. Financial conditions have become less supportive of economic growth on balance, largely reflecting developments abroad, and bank lending continues to contract. Although the Committee still anticipates a gradual return to higher levels of resource utilization in a context of price stability, the near-term outlook for economic activity has weakened somewhat.
2. Prices of energy and other commodities have declined somewhat in recent months, and underlying inflation has trended lower. With substantial resource slack continuing to restrain cost pressures and longer-term inflation expectations stable, inflation is likely to be quite subdued for some time, remaining below rates that would be consistent over the longer run with the Federal Reserve’s dual mandate to promote maximum employment and stable prices. 
3. The Committee will maintain the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25 percent and continues to anticipate that economic conditions, including low rates of resource utilization, subdued inflation trends, and stable inflation expectations, will warrant exceptionally low levels of the federal funds rate for an extended period. The Committee expects to maintain the current range for the federal funds rate until resource utilization and underlying inflation are clearly moving toward rates consistent with the dual mandate. In addition, to provide continued support to mortgage lending and housing markets and to aid overall conditions in private credit markets, the Committee will maintain holdings of agency mortgage-backed securities in the System Open Market Account at approximately their current level rather than allowing them to run off. The Committee will also continue to roll over maturing Treasury securities.
4. The Committee will continue to evaluate its holdings of securities in light of the evolving economic outlook and conditions in financial markets and will employ its policy tools as necessary to promote economic recovery and price stability.


