>> Alternative C
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in December suggests that economic activity is increasing at a solid rate and that the labor market is stabilizing. Financial market conditions have continued to become more supportive of economic growth. Household spending is expanding at a moderate rate. Business spending on equipment and software appears to be picking up, and firms have brought inventory stocks into better alignment with sales. With a sustainable economic recovery now under way, the Committee anticipates a gradual return to higher levels of resource utilization.
2. Inflation has been somewhat elevated recently, reflecting a pickup in energy prices, but longer-term inflation expectations have remained stable. The Committee expects that, with appropriate monetary policy adjustments, inflation will be at levels consistent with price stability.
3. The Committee will maintain the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25 percent and continues to anticipate that economic conditions, including low rates of resource utilization, subdued inflation trends, and stable inflation expectations, are likely to warrant low levels of the federal funds rate for some time. The Federal Reserve is in the process of purchasing $1.25 trillion of agency mortgage-backed securities and about $175 billion of agency debt. In order to promote a smooth transition in markets, the Committee is gradually slowing the pace of these purchases and anticipates that these transactions will be executed by the end of the first quarter. The Committee will continue to evaluate the size and composition of its securities holdings in light of the evolving economic outlook and conditions in financial markets.
4. In light of improved functioning of financial markets, the Federal Reserve will be closing the Asset-Backed Commercial Paper Money Market Mutual Fund Liquidity Facility, the Commercial Paper Funding Facility, the Primary Dealer Credit Facility, and the Term Securities Lending Facility on February 1, as previously announced. In addition, the temporary liquidity swap arrangements between the Federal Reserve and other central banks will expire on February 1. The amounts provided under the Term Auction Facility will continue to be scaled back, with $50 billion in 28-day credit to be offered at the next auction on February 8; the Federal Reserve expects to offer $25 billion in 28-day credit on March 8 and will consider whether to conduct further auctions beyond that date. The anticipated expiration dates for the Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility remain set at June 30 for loans backed by new-issue commercial mortgage-backed securities and March 31 for loans backed by all other types of collateral. The Federal Reserve is prepared to modify these plans if necessary to support financial stability and economic growth.
  