>> Alternative B
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in June indicates that the pace of recovery in output and employment has slowed. Household spending is increasing gradually, but remains constrained by high unemployment, modest income growth, lower housing wealth, and tight credit. Business spending on equipment and software is rising ; however, investment in nonresidential structures continues to be weak and employers remain reluctant to add to payrolls. Housing starts remain at a depressed level. Bank lending has continued to contract in recent months. Nonetheless, the Committee anticipates a gradual return to higher levels of resource utilization in a context of price stability, although the pace of economic recovery is likely to be modest in the near term.
2. Measures of underlying inflation have trended lower in recent quarters and, with substantial resource slack continuing to restrain cost pressures and longer-term inflation expectations stable, inflation is likely to be subdued for some time. 
3. The Committee will maintain the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25 percent and anticipates that, with inflation expectations stable, exceptionally low levels of the federal funds rate are likely to be warranted for an extended period —at least until resource utilization and underlying inflation are clearly moving toward levels consistent with the Committee’s longer-term objectives.
4. To help support a more timely return to those objectives, the Committee will maintain the Federal Reserve’s holdings of longer-term securities at their current level by reinvesting principal payments from agency debt and agency mortgage-backed securities in Treasury securities. The Committee will continue to roll over the Federal Reserve’s holdings of Treasury securities as they mature. 
5. The Committee will continue to monitor the economic outlook and financial developments and will employ its policy tools as necessary to promote economic recovery and price stability. 

