>> Alternative A 
1. Information received over recent months has increasingly suggested that the recovery in economic activity and the labor market is proceeding at an unsatisfactory pace. Household spending is increasing only gradually and remains constrained by high unemployment, modest income growth, lower housing wealth, and tight credit. Business spending on equipment and software is rising less rapidly than earlier in the year, and the contribution of inventory investment to growth is likely to wane. Investment in nonresidential structures continues to be weak, and employers remain reluctant to add to payrolls. Housing starts remain at a depressed level. Financial conditions have become somewhat less supportive of economic growth in recent months, on balance, and bank lending has continued to contract. Although the Committee still anticipates a gradual return to higher levels of resource utilization in a context of price stability, the near-term outlook for economic activity has weakened. 
2. Measures of underlying inflation have trended lower in recent quarters. With substantial resource slack continuing to restrain cost pressures and longer-term inflation expectations stable, inflation is likely to remain, for some time, below levels that the Committee considers most consistent with its mandate to promote maximum employment and stable prices. 
3. To support the economic recovery, the Committee decided to reduce the target range for the federal funds rate to 0 to 1/8 percent. Consistent with this reduction, the Board of Governors cut the remuneration rates on required and excess reserve balances to 10 basis points effective with the reserve maintenance period beginning August 12. The Committee anticipates maintaining this range for the federal funds rate until resource utilization and underlying inflation have moved appreciably closer to levels consistent with its longer-term objectives. 
4. To provide additional support for the economic recovery, the Committee will maintain the Federal Reserve’s holdings of longer-term securities at their current level by reinvesting principal payments from agency debt and agency mortgage-backed securities in Treasury securities. The Committee will continue to roll over the Federal Reserve’s holdings of Treasury securities as they mature. 
5. The Committee will continue to monitor the economic outlook and financial developments and will employ its policy tools as necessary to promote economic recovery and price stability. 


