>> Alternative A
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in January suggests that economic activity has continued to strengthen and that the deterioration in the labor market is abating. Household spending is expanding at a moderate rate but remains constrained by high unemployment, modest income growth, lower housing wealth, and tight credit. Business spending on equipment and software has risen significantly. However, investment in nonresidential structures is still contracting, housing activity continues to be sluggish, and employers remain reluctant to add to payrolls. In light of the weakness in labor markets and prospects for a subpar economic recovery, the Committee judges that further monetary stimulus is warranted.
2. With substantial resource slack continuing to restrain cost pressures and with longer-term inflation expectations stable, inflation is likely to be subdued for some time.
3. To provide further support to mortgage lending and housing markets and to promote a more robust economic recovery in a context of price stability, the Committee decided to extend its program for purchasing agency mortgage-backed securities. The previously announced purchases of $1.25 trillion of those securities will be executed by the end of this month, and the Committee now anticipates that an additional $150 billion of such securities will be purchased during the second quarter. The Federal Reserve has been purchasing about $175 billion of agency debt, and those transactions will be executed by the end of this month. The Committee will continue to evaluate its purchases of securities in light of the evolving economic outlook and conditions in financial markets. The Committee will maintain the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25 percent and continues to anticipate that economic conditions, including low rates of resource utilization, subdued inflation trends, and stable inflation expectations, are likely to warrant exceptionally low levels of the federal funds rate for an extended period.
4. In light of improved functioning of financial markets, the Federal Reserve has been closing the special liquidity facilities that it created to support markets during the crisis. The only remaining such program, the Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility, is scheduled to close on June 30 for loans backed by new-issue commercial mortgage-backed securities and on March 31 for loans backed by all other types of collateral.


