>> Alternative C
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in June indicates that the economic growth has been modest of late. Also, recent indicators suggest that improvement in overall labor market conditions has slowed. The modest pace of the recovery appears to reflects in part factors that are proving to be temporary, including the damping effect of higher food and energy prices on consumer purchasing power and spending as well as supply chain disruptions associated with the tragic events in Japan. Business investment in equipment and software continues to expand despite these shocks. However, household spending has flattened out, investment in nonresidential structures is still weak, and the housing sector continues to be depressed. Inflation has picked up this year, as firms have faced cost pressures from higher prices for some commodities and imported goods. However, longer-term inflation expectations have remained stable.
2. Consistent with its statutory mandate, the Committee seeks to foster maximum employment and price stability. The Committee expects the pace of recovery to pick up over coming quarters and the unemployment rate to resume a gradual decline toward levels that the Committee judges to be consistent with its dual mandate. The Committee anticipates that inflation will subside, over coming quarters, to levels at or below those consistent with the Committee's dual mandate as the effects of past energy and other commodity price increases dissipate. However, the Committee sees the risks to the inflation outlook as tilted to the upside. The Committee will continue to pay close attention to the evolution of inflation and inflation expectations.
3. To help ensure that inflation in the medium run is at levels consistent with its dual mandate, and thereby support progress toward maximum employment, the Committee decided today to keep the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25 percent. The Committee continues to anticipate that economic conditions—including low rates of resource utilization and a subdued outlook for inflation over the medium run—are likely to warrant exceptionally low levels for the federal funds rate for an extended period. For the time being, the Committee will maintain its existing policy of reinvesting principal payments from its securities holdings. The Committee will regularly review the size and composition of its securities holdings and is prepared to adjust those holdings as appropriate.
4. The Committee will monitor the economic outlook and financial developments and will act as needed to best foster maximum employment and price stability.  