>> Alternative A 
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in December confirms that the economic recovery is continuing, though at a rate that has been insufficient to bring about a significant improvement in labor market conditions. Household spending is increasing at a moderate pace, but remains constrained by high unemployment, modest income growth, lower housing wealth, and tight credit. Business spending on equipment and software is rising, though less rapidly than in recent quarters, while investment in nonresidential structures continues to be weak. Employers remain reluctant to add to payrolls. The housing sector continues to be depressed. Longer-term inflation expectations have remained stable, but measures of underlying inflation have been trend ing downward. 
2. Consistent with its statutory mandate, the Committee seeks to foster maximum employment and price stability. Currently, the unemployment rate is elevated, and measures of underlying inflation are low, relative to levels that the Committee judges to be consistent, over the longer run, with its dual mandate. Although the Committee anticipates a gradual return to higher levels of resource utilization in a context of price stability, progress toward its objectives remains disappointingly slow and there are still significant downside risks to the economic outlook.
3. To promote a stronger pace of economic recovery and to help ensure that inflation, over time, is at levels consistent with its mandate, the Committee decided today to continue expanding its holdings of securities. Moreover, in light of incoming information, the Committee now intends to increase its holdings of securities by a total of $800 billion—$200 billion more than announced in November—by purchasing longer-term Treasury securities at a pace of about $75 billion per month through the third quarter of 2011. In addition, the Committee will maintain its existing policy of reinvesting principal payments from its securities holdings. The Committee will regularly review the pace of its securities purchases and the overall size of the asset-purchase program and will adjust the program as needed to best foster maximum employment and price stability. 
4. The Committee will maintain the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25 percent and currently anticipates that economic conditions, including low rates of resource utilization, subdued inflation trends, and stable inflation expectations, are likely to warrant exceptionally low levels for the federal funds rate at least through mid-2012.
5. The Committee will continue to monitor the economic outlook and financial developments and will employ its policy tools as necessary to support the economic recovery and to help ensure that inflation, over time, is at levels consistent with its mandate. 


