>> Alternative Ax
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in November suggests that the economy has been expanding modestly, while global growth appears to be slowing. Although indicators point to some improvement in overall labor market conditions, and the unemployment rate remains elevated. Household spending has. continued to advance, but business fixed investment appears to be increasing less rapidly and the housing sector remains depressed. Inflation has moderated since earlier in the year, and longer-term inflation expectations have remained stable.
2. Consistent with its statutory mandate, the Committee seeks to foster maximum employment and price stability. The Committee expects that, absent further policy action, the pace of economic growth would remain modest over coming quarters and consequently anticipates that the unemployment rate would decline only very gradually toward levels that the Committee judges to be consistent with its dual mandate. Moreover, the Committee anticipates that inflation would settle, over coming quarters, at levels at or below those consistent with the Committee’s dual mandate. Strains in global financial markets continue to pose significant downside risks to the economic outlook, and the risks to the outlook for inflation also appear to be tilted to the downside. 
3. To support a stronger economic recovery and to help ensure that inflation, over time, is at levels consistent with the dual mandate, the Committee decided today to undertake a program of purchases of agency mortgage-backed securities. The Committee has initially authorized purchases of agency mortgage-backed securities of $40 billion per month, and will adjust this program as needed to foster its objectives of maximum employment and stable prices. In addition, the Committee will continue its program to extend the average maturity of its holdings of securities as announced in September. The Committee is also maintaining its existing policies of reinvesting principal payments from its holdings of agency debt and agency mortgage-backed securities in agency mortgage-backed securities and of rolling over maturing Treasury securities at auction. These programs should put downward pressure on longer-term interest rates, provide support to mortgage markets, and help make broader financial conditions more accommodative. 
4. The Committee also decided to keep the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25 percent. The Committee now anticipates that economic conditions— including low rates of resource utilization and a subdued outlook for inflation over the medium run—are likely to warrant this exceptionally low range for the federal funds rate at least through the end of 2014. Specifically, given its anticipated path for monetary policy, the Committee currently projects that the unemployment rate will be roughly 7 percent and the inflation rate will be around 2 percent at the end of 2014.
5. The Committee will monitor the economic outlook and financial developments and is prepared to employ its tools to promote a stronger economic recovery in a context of price stability.



