>> Alternative A
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in June indicates that economic growth so far this year has been considerably slower than the Committee had expected. Recent indicators continue to suggest a deterioration in overall labor market conditions, and the unemployment rate has moved up. Household spending has flattened out, investment in nonresidential structures is still weak, and the housing sector remains depressed. However, and business investment in equipment and software continues to expand. Temporary factors, including the damping effect of higher food and energy prices on consumer purchasing power and spending as well as supply chain disruptions associated with the tragic events in Japan, appear to account for only some of the recent weakness in economic activity. Inflation has picked up earlier in the year, mainly reflecting higher prices for some commodities and imported goods, as well as the supply chain disruptions. More recently, inflation has moderated as prices of energy and some commodities have declined somewhat from their earlier peaks. Longer-term inflation expectations have remained stable.
2. Consistent with its statutory mandate, the Committee seeks to foster maximum employment and price stability. The Committee now expects a somewhat slower pace of recovery over coming quarters and anticipates that the unemployment rate will decline only gradually toward levels that the Committee judges to be consistent with its dual mandate. Moreover, downside risks to the economic outlook have increased. The Committee also anticipates that inflation will settle, over coming quarters, at levels at or below those consistent with the Committee's dual mandate as the effects of past energy and other commodity price increases dissipate further. However, the Committee will continue to pay close attention to the evolution of inflation and inflation expectations.
3. To promote the ongoing economic recovery and to help ensure that inflation, over time, is at levels consistent with its mandate, the Committee decided today to keep the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25 percent. The Committee currently anticipates that economic conditions—including low rates of resource utilization and a subdued outlook for inflation over the medium run—are likely to warrant exceptionally low levels for the federal funds rate at least through mid-2013.
4. In order to provide greater support for the economic recovery, the Committee also decided to adjust the composition of its securities holdings. Over the next 12 months, the Committee will purchase $400 billion of Treasury securities with remaining maturities of 7 years to 30 years and sell an equal amount of Treasury securities with remaining maturities of 3 years or less. Lengthening the average duration of the Federal Reserve’s securities portfolio should put downward pressure on longer-term interest rates in private credit markets and thereby support growth in private demand for goods and services. The Committee also will maintain its policy of reinvesting principal payments from its securities holdings and, going forward, will use the proceeds to purchase only Treasury securities with remaining maturities of 7 years to 30 years. The Committee will regularly review the size and composition of its securities holdings and is prepared to adjust those holdings further if needed.
5. The Committee will carefully assess the economic outlook in light of incoming information and will employ its policy tools as appropriate to best foster maximum employment and price stability.


