>> Alternative A
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in August indicates that economic growth remains quite slow. Recent indicators point to continuing weakness in overall labor market conditions, and the unemployment rate remains elevated. Household spending has been increasing at only a modest pace in recent months despite some recovery in sales of motor vehicles as supply-chain disruptions eased. Investment in nonresidential structures is still weak, and the housing sector remains depressed. However, business investment in equipment and software continues to expand. Inflation has moderated since earlier in the year as prices of energy and some commodities have declined from their peaks. Longer-term inflation expectations have remained stable.
2. Consistent with its statutory mandate, the Committee seeks to foster maximum employment and price stability. The Committee judges that inflation of 2 percent as measured by the price index for personal consumption expenditures is most consistent, over the longer run, with the dual mandate. Whereas monetary policy can determine the longer-run inflation rate, monetary policy does not determine the longer-run equilibrium rate of unemployment, which depends on structural economic factors that may vary over time. Currently, the Committee projects that, in the absence of further shocks to the economy, the unemployment rate would converge over time to a level around 5 to 6 percent; this projection is subject to considerable uncertainty.
3. The Committee continues to expect some pickup in the pace of recovery over coming quarters but anticipates that the unemployment rate will decline only slowly toward its longer-run equilibrium level. Moreover, there are significant downside risks to the economic outlook, including strains in global financial markets. The Committee also anticipates that inflation will settle, over coming quarters, at levels at or below those consistent with the Committee’s dual mandate as the effects of past energy and other commodity price increases dissipate further. However, the Committee will continue to pay close attention to the evolution of inflation and inflation expectations.
4. To promote a stronger economic recovery and to help ensure that inflation, over time, is consistent with the dual mandate, the Committee decided today to keep the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25 percent. The Committee anticipates that this exceptionally low range for the federal funds rate will be appropriate at least as long as the unemployment rate exceeds 7  percent, inflation is projected to remain at or below 2.5 percent in the medium term, and longer-term inflation expectations continue to be well anchored at mandate-consistent levels. On the basis of currently available information, the Committee expects these conditions to prevail at least through 2014.
5. In addition, the Committee decided to expand its holdings of longer-term Treasury securities by a further $1 trillion at a pace of $80 to $85 billion per month over the next 12 months. This program should put downward pressure on longer-term interest rates and help make broader financial conditions more accommodative. The Committee will regularly review the pace of its securities purchases and the overall size of the purchase program in light of incoming information and will adjust the program as needed to best foster maximum employment and price stability. The Committee will maintain its existing policy of rolling over maturing Treasury securities at auction and will reinvest principal payments from its holdings of agency securities in longer-term Treasury securities. 
6. The Committee will continue to assess the economic outlook in light of incoming information and is prepared to employ its policy tools as appropriate to promote a stronger economic recovery in a context of price stability.


