>> Alternative A
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in January confirms that the economic recovery is continuing. Although overall conditions in the labor market appear to be improving gradually, employment remains at low levels. Household spending has been increasing at a solid rate, on net, in recent months, but remains constrained by high unemployment, lower housing wealth, and tight credit. Recent increases in energy costs may be weighing on household spending on non-energy goods and services. Business spending on equipment and software is rising, but investment in nonresidential structures is still weak. The housing sector continues to be depressed. Although energy and other commodity prices have risen significantly since the summer, boosting headline inflation, longer-term inflation expectations have remained stable, and measures of underlying inflation have trended downward.
2. Consistent with its statutory mandate, the Committee seeks to foster maximum employment and price stability. Currently, the unemployment rate is elevated, and measures of underlying inflation are somewhat low, relative to levels that the Committee judges to be consistent, over the longer run, with its dual mandate. Although the Committee anticipates a gradual return to higher levels of resource utilization in a context of price stability, downside risks to the economic outlook remain significant.
3. To promote a stronger pace of economic recovery and to help ensure that inflation, over time, is at levels consistent with its mandate, the Committee decided today to continue expanding its holdings of securities as announced in November. In particular, the Committee is maintaining its existing policy of reinvesting principal payments from its securities holdings and will purchase $600 billion of longer-term Treasury securities by the end of the second quarter of 2011. The Committee is prepared to expand and extend the purchase program if needed to best foster maximum employment and price stability.
4. The Committee will maintain the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25 percent and currently anticipates that economic conditions, including low rates of resource utilization, subdued inflation trends, and stable inflation expectations, are likely to warrant exceptionally low levels for the federal funds rate at least through mid-2012
5. The Committee will continue to monitor the economic outlook and financial developments and will employ its policy tools as necessary to support the economic recovery and to help ensure that inflation, over time, is at levels consistent with its mandate.


