>> Alternative C
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in November suggests that the pace of economic activity has strengthened somewhat. Although the unemployment rate remains elevated, it has declined of late, and employment has continued to increase. Household spending has advanced further, and business fixed investment has continued to expand, but the housing sector remains depressed. Inflation has moderated only somewhat since earlier in the year, despite a decline in the as prices of energy and some commodities. Longer-term inflation expectations have remained stable.
2. Consistent with its statutory mandate, the Committee seeks to foster maximum employment and price stability. The Committee expects some strengthening of economic growth over coming quarters and consequently anticipates that the unemployment rate will decline gradually toward levels that the Committee judges to be consistent with its dual mandate. The Committee also anticipates that inflation will settle, over coming quarters, at level consistent with the Committee’s dual mandate. However, the Committee will continue to pay close attention to the evolution of inflation and inflation expectations.
3. To support the economic recovery while helping to ensure that inflation, over time, does not exceed levels that are consistent with the dual mandate, the Committee decided today to reduce by half the size of the program to extend the average maturity of its holdings of securities as that it announced in September. In particular, the Committee intends to limit purchases and sales of securities under this program to $200 billion each and to complete these operations by the end of March 2012. The Committee is maintaining its existing policies of reinvesting principal payments from its holdings of agency debt and agency mortgage- backed securities in agency mortgage-backed securities and of rolling over maturing Treasury securities at auction. The Committee will regularly review the size and composition of its securities holdings and is prepared to adjust those holdings as appropriate.
4. The Committee also decided to keep the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25 percent and now anticipates that economic conditions—including low rates of resource utilization and a subdued outlook for inflation over the medium run—are likely to warrant exceptionally low levels for the federal funds rate at least through 2012.
5. The Committee will continue to assess the economic outlook in light of incoming information and is prepared to employ its tools as appropriate to promote a stronger economic recovery in a context of price stability its objectives of maximum employment and stable prices.
  