>> Alternative Cx
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in March indicates that the economic recovery is on a firmer footing and overall conditions in the labor market are improving. Household spending and business investment in equipment and software continue to expand. Commodity prices have risen significantly since the summer, and concerns about global supplies of crude oil have contributed to a further increase in oil prices since the Committee met in March. Inflation has picked up in recent months, but longer-term inflation expectations have remained generally stable and measures of underlying inflation are still subdued.
2. Consistent with its statutory mandate, the Committee seeks to foster maximum employment and price stability. The unemployment rate and measures of underlying inflation have moved somewhat closer to levels that the Committee judges to be consistent, over the longer run, with its dual mandate. However, increases in the prices of energy and other commodities are boosting overall inflation. The Committee expects these effects to be transitory so long as longer-term inflation expectations remain stable, and it will pay close attention to the evolution of inflation and inflation expectations. The Committee continues to anticipate a gradual return to higher levels of resource utilization in a context of price stability.
3. In light of incoming information, the Committee judges that the increase in its holdings of longer-term securities since November is sufficient to promote appropriate progress toward maximum employment and price stability. Accordingly, the Committee decided today to complete only $450 billion of the intended $600 billion increase in its holdings of securities as announced in November. For now, the Committee is maintaining its existing policy of reinvesting principal payments from its securities holdings. The Committee will regularly review its reinvestment policy and the level of its securities holdings in light of incoming information and will make adjustments as needed to best foster maximum employment and price stability.
4. The Committee will maintain the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25 percent and continues to anticipates that economic conditions, including low rates of resource utilization, subdued inflation trends, and stable inflation expectations, are likely to warrant exceptionally low levels for the federal funds rate for some time.
5. The Committee will continue to monitor the economic outlook and financial developments and will employ its policy tools as necessary to support the economic recovery and to help ensure that inflation, over time, is at levels consistent with its mandate. 
  