>> Alternative C
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in April indicates that the economic recovery is continuing at a moderate pace, though somewhat more slowly than the Committee had expected. Some indicators also suggest a loss of momentum in the labor market. The slower pace of the recovery reflects in part some factors that are likely to be temporary, including the damping effect of higher food and energy prices on consumer purchasing power and spending as well as supply chain disruptions associated with the tragic events in Japan. Household spending and business investment in equipment and software continue to expand. However, investment in nonresidential structures is still weak, and the housing sector continues to be depressed. Inflation has picked up in recent months, as firms are facing cost pressures from increased commodity prices and import prices have risen. Longer-term inflation expectations have remained stable.
2. Consistent with its statutory mandate, the Committee seeks to foster maximum employment and price stability. The unemployment rate remains elevated; however, the Committee expects the pace of recovery to pick up over coming quarters and the unemployment rate to resume its gradual decline toward levels that the Committee judges to be consistent with its dual mandate. Inflation has moved up recently, but the Committee anticipates that inflation will subside to levels at or below those consistent with the Committee’s dual mandate as the effects on inflation of past energy and other commodity price increases dissipate. However, the upside risks to inflation have increased somewhat, and the Committee will continue to pay close attention to the evolution of inflation and inflation expectations.
3. In order to help ensure that economic activity and inflation, over time, are at levels consistent with its mandate, the Committee decided today to keep the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25 percent and anticipates that economic conditions— including low rates of resource utilization and a subdued outlook for inflation over the medium run—are likely to warrant exceptionally low levels for the federal funds rate for some time. The Committee will complete its purchases of $600 billion of longer-term Treasury securities by the end of this month. In July, the Committee will begin a gradual reduction in the current extraordinary degree of policy accommodation by discontinuing its policy of reinvesting principal payments from its holdings of agency securities and Treasury securities. The Committee will regularly review the size and composition of its securities holdings and is prepared to adjust those holdings as appropriate.
4. The Committee will monitor the economic outlook and financial developments and will act as needed to best foster maximum employment and price stability.















  