>> Alternative Ax
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in September indicates that economic growth strengthened somewhat in the third quarter, but the pickup was due predominantly to a reversal of the temporary factors that had weighed on growth earlier in the year. Recent indicators point to continuing weakness in overall labor market conditions, and the unemployment rate remains elevated. Household spending has increased at a somewhat faster pace in recent months. Business investment in equipment and software has continued to expand, but investment in nonresidential structures is still weak and the housing sector remains depressed. Inflation has moderated since earlier in the year as prices of energy and some commodities have declined from their peaks. Longer-term inflation expectations have remained stable.
2. Consistent with its statutory mandate, the Committee seeks to foster maximum employment and price stability. The Committee continues to expect a moderate pace of economic growth over coming quarters and consequently anticipates that the unemployment rate will decline only gradually toward levels that the Committee judges to be consistent with its dual mandate. However, there are significant downside risks to the economic outlook, including strains in global financial markets. The Committee anticipates that inflation will settle, over coming quarters, at levels at or below those consistent with the Committee's dual mandate. The Committee will continue to pay close attention to the evolution of inflation and inflation expectations.
3. To support a stronger economic recovery and to help ensure that inflation, over time, is at levels consistent with the dual mandate, the Committee decided today to continue its program to extend the average maturity of its holdings of securities as announced in September. The Committee is maintaining its existing policies of reinvesting principal payments from its holdings of agency debt and agency mortgage-backed securities in agency mortgage- backed securities and of rolling over maturing Treasury securities at auction. The Committee will regularly review the size and composition of its securities holdings and is prepared to adjust those holdings as appropriate.
4. The Committee also decided to keep the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25 percent. The Committee now anticipates that economic conditions—including low rates of resource utilization and a subdued outlook for inflation over the medium run— are likely to warrant this exceptionally low range for the federal funds rate through the end of 2014. On the basis of currently available information, the Committee projects the unemployment rate to be about 6.5 to 7 percent and the inflation rate (as measured by the price index for Personal Consumption Expenditures) to be around 1.75 to 2.25 percent at that time.
5. The Committee will continue to assess the economic outlook in light of incoming information and is prepared to employ its tools as appropriate to promote a stronger economic recovery in a context of price stability.

