>> Alternative C
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in September indicates that economic growth of late has been somewhat stronger than the Committee had expected. Although the unemployment rate remains elevated, household spending has increased at a faster pace in recent months. Business investment in equipment and software continues to expand, and investment in nonresidential structures has increased. The housing sector remains depressed. Inflation appears to have moderated only somewhat since earlier in the year, despite a decline in the prices of energy and some commodities. Longer-term inflation expectations have remained stable.
2. Consistent with its statutory mandate, the Committee seeks to foster maximum employment and price stability. The Committee continues to expect a moderate pace of growth over coming quarters and anticipates that the unemployment rate will decline gradually toward levels that the Committee judges to be consistent with its dual mandate. The Committee also anticipates that inflation will settle, over coming quarters, at levels consistent with the Committee's dual mandate as the effects of past energy and other commodity price increases dissipate further. However, the Committee will continue to pay close attention to the evolution of inflation and inflation expectations.
3. In light of the recent improvement in the economic outlook, the Committee decided today to reduce by half the size of the program to extend the average maturity of its holdings of securities that it announced in September. In particular, the Committee intends to limit purchases and sales of securities under this program to $200 billion each and to complete these operations by the end of March 2012. The Committee is maintaining its existing policies of reinvesting principal payments from its holdings of agency debt and agency mortgage-backed securities in agency mortgage-backed securities and of rolling over maturing Treasury securities at auction. The Committee will regularly review the size and composition of its securities holdings and is prepared to adjust those holdings as appropriate.
4. The Committee also decided to keep the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25 percent and now anticipates that economic conditions—including low rates of resource utilization and a subdued outlook for inflation over the medium run—are likely to warrant exceptionally low levels for the federal funds rate at least through 2012.
5. The Committee discussed the range of policy tools available to promote a stronger economic recovery in the context of price stability. It will continue to assess the economic outlook in light of incoming information and is prepared to employ its tools as appropriate to promote its objectives of maximum employment and stable prices.
  

