>> Alternative C
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in January confirms that the economic recovery is strengthening and conditions in the labor market are improving. Household spending has been increasing at a solid rate, on net, and business investment has been expanding. However, the housing sector continues to be depressed. Commodity prices have risen significantly since the summer, and concerns about global supplies of crude oil have contributed to a sharp run-up in oil prices in recent weeks. Nonetheless, longer-term inflation expectations have remained stable, and measures of underlying inflation have been subdued.
2. Consistent with its statutory mandate, the Committee seeks to foster maximum employment and price stability. Currently, the unemployment rate is remains elevated, and measures of underlying inflation continue to be somewhat low, relative to levels that the Committee judges to be consistent, over the longer run, with its dual mandate. The recent increases in the prices of energy and other commodities are temporarily putting upward pressure on headline inflation, but the Committee expects limited pass- through to underlying inflation and continues to anticipates a gradual return to higher levels of resource utilization in a context of price stability.
3. To support the economic recovery and to help ensure that inflation, over time, is at levels consistent with its mandate, the Committee decided today to continue expanding its holdings of securities. However, in light of incoming economic information, the Committee will gradually reduce the pace of its purchases of longer-term Treasury securities with the intention of limiting the increase in its holdings to a total of $450 billion by the end of the second quarter of 2011—$150 billion less than announced in November. For the time being, the Committee is maintaining its existing policy of reinvesting principal payments from its securities holdings. The Committee will continue to review the pace of its securities purchases and the overall size of the asset-purchase program and will adjust the program as needed to best foster maximum employment and price stability.
4. The Committee will maintain the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25 percent and continues to anticipate that economic conditions, including low rates of resource utilization, subdued inflation trends, and stable inflation expectations, are likely to warrant low levels for the federal funds rate for some time.
5. The Committee will continue to monitor the economic outlook and financial developments, and will employ its policy tools as necessary to support the economic recovery and to ensure that inflation, over time, is at levels consistent with its mandate.
  