>> Alternative A
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in April suggests that the economic recovery is continuing at a moderate pace, though more slowly than the Committee had expected. Moreover, a number of indicators suggest a loss of momentum in the labor market. The slower pace of the recovery reflects in part some factors that are likely to be temporary, including the damping effect of higher food and energy prices on consumer purchasing power and spending as well as supply chain disruptions associated with the tragic events in Japan. Household spending and business investment in equipment and software continue to expand. However, investment in nonresidential structures is still weak, and the housing sector continues to be depressed. Inflation has picked up in recent months, mainly reflecting higher prices for some commodities and imported goods, as well as the recent supply chain disruptions. Although firms are facing cost pressures from high commodity prices, the pass-through into the prices of non-energy consumer goods and services has been relatively limited, and longer-term inflation expectations have remained stable.
2. Consistent with its statutory mandate, the Committee seeks to foster maximum employment and price stability. The unemployment rate remains elevated; however, the Committee expects the pace of recovery to pick up over coming quarters and the unemployment rate to resume its gradual decline toward levels that the Committee judges to be consistent with its dual mandate. The Committee perceives that the downside risks to the economic outlook have increased somewhat. Inflation has moved up recently, but the Committee anticipates that inflation will subside to levels at or below those consistent with the Committee’s dual mandate as the effects on inflation of past energy and other commodity price increases dissipate.
3. To promote the ongoing economic recovery and to help ensure that inflation, over time, is at levels consistent with its mandate, the Committee is keeping the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25 percent and now anticipates that economic conditions—including low rates of resource utilization and a subdued outlook for inflation over the medium run—are likely to warrant exceptionally low levels for the federal funds rate at least through the end of 2012. The Committee likewise anticipates that economic conditions will warrant the maintenance of its existing policy of reinvesting principal payments from its securities holdings at least through mid-2012. The Committee will complete its purchases of $600 billion of longer-term Treasury securities by the end of this month. The Committee will regularly review the size and composition of its securities holdings and is prepared to expand those holdings if needed.
4. The Committee will monitor the economic outlook and financial developments and will act as needed to best foster maximum employment and price stability.


