>> Alternative Ax
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in December suggests that the economy has been expanding moderately, notwithstanding some slowing in global growth. While indicators point to some further improvement in overall labor market conditions, the unemployment rate remains elevated. Household spending has continued to advance, but growth in business fixed investment has slowed, and the housing sector remains depressed. Inflation has been subdued in recent months, and longer-term inflation expectations have remained stable.
2. Consistent with its statutory mandate, the Committee seeks to foster maximum employment and price stability. The Committee expects that, absent further policy action, the pace of economic growth would remain modest over coming quarters and consequently anticipates that the unemployment rate would decline only very gradually toward levels that the Committee judges to be consistent with its dual mandate. Strains in global financial markets continue to pose significant downside risks to the economic outlook. The Committee also anticipates that over coming quarters, inflation will run at levels at or below those consistent with the Committee's dual mandate. 
3. To support a stronger economic recovery and to help ensure that inflation, over time, is at levels consistent with the dual mandate, the Committee decided today to purchase additional agency mortgage-backed securities, initially at a rate of $40 billion per month. The Committee will adjust the pace of purchases and determine the ultimate size of the program in light of the evolving economic outlook and as needed to foster its objectives. In addition, the Committee intends to continue its program to extend the average maturity of its holdings of securities as announced in September. The Committee is also maintaining its existing policies of reinvesting principal payments from its holdings of agency debt and agency mortgage-backed securities in agency mortgage-backed securities and of rolling over maturing Treasury securities at auction. These programs should put downward pressure on longer-term interest rates, provide support to mortgage markets, and help make broader financial conditions more accommodative. 
4. The Committee also decided to keep the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25 percent and now anticipates that this exceptionally low range for the federal funds rate will be appropriate at least as long as the unemployment rate exceeds 6.5 percent, the inflation rate (as measured by the price index for personal consumption expenditures) at a one- to two-year horizon is projected to be either below or close to 2 percent, and longer-term inflation expectations continue to be well anchored. On the basis of currently available information, the Committee expects these conditions to prevail at least through 2014.
5. The Committee will employ its tools as needed to promote a stronger economic recovery in a context of price stability.

