>> Alternative Cxx
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in June suggests that the economy has been expanding moderately this year. Employment has shown further gains. Private domestic demand has continued to advance, and the housing sector has shown some signs of improvement. Inflation has declined since earlier this year, mainly reflecting lower prices of crude oil and gasoline, and longer-term inflation expectations have remained stable.
2. Consistent with its statutory mandate, the Committee seeks to foster maximum employment and price stability. The Committee expects economic growth to remain moderate over coming quarters and then to pick up very gradually. Consequently, the Committee anticipates that the unemployment rate will decline only slowly toward levels that it judges to be consistent with its dual mandate. Furthermore, strains in global financial markets and issues relating to U.S. fiscal policy pose significant downside risks to the economic outlook. The Committee anticipates that inflation over the medium term will run at about the rate that it judges most consistent with its dual mandate.
3. To support the economic recovery and to help ensure that inflation, over time, is at the rate most consistent with its dual mandate, the Committee expects to maintain a highly accommodative stance for monetary policy. In particular, the Committee decided today to keep the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25 percent and currently anticipates that economic conditions—including low rates of resource utilization and a subdued outlook for inflation over the medium run—are likely to warrant exceptionally low levels for the federal funds rate at least through late 2014.
4. The Committee also decided to continue through the end of the year its program to extend the average maturity of its holdings of securities as announced in June and to maintain its existing policy of reinvesting principal payments from its holdings of agency debt and agency mortgage-backed securities in agency mortgage-backed securities. The Committee will regularly review the size and composition of its securities holdings and is prepared to adjust those holdings as necessary to promote maximum employment and price stability.