>> Alternative C
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in March suggests that the economic recovery has continued to strengthen. Labor market conditions have improved further; the unemployment rate has declined somewhat more, and private payrolls have expanded moderately on average in recent months. Household spending and business fixed investment have continued to advance. The housing sector remains depressed but has shown some signs of improvement. Sizable increases in the prices of crude oil and gasoline have pushed up inflation somewhat Longer-term inflation expectations have remained stable.
2. Consistent with its statutory mandate, the Committee seeks to foster maximum employment and price stability. The Committee expects economic growth to pick up over time and consequently anticipates that the unemployment rate will move appreciably closer, over the next few years, to levels that the Committee judges to be consistent with its dual mandate. Strains in global financial markets continue to pose significant downside risks to the economic outlook. The increase in oil and gasoline prices earlier this year is expected to affect inflation only temporarily the Committee anticipates that, with appropriate monetary policy, inflation over the medium term will run close to the rate that it judges most consistent with its dual mandate.
3.1. To support a sustainable economic recovery and to help ensure that inflation, over time, is at the rate most consistent with its dual mandate, the Committee decided today to keep the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25 percent. In judging when to first increase its target for the federal funds rate, the Committee will consider a range of factors, including rates of resource utilization, the projected pace of improvement in labor market conditions, the contours of the medium-run inflation outlook, the stability of longer-run inflation expectations, and the balance of risks that could impede the attainment of the Committee’s goals.
3.2. To support a sustainable economic recovery and to help ensure that inflation, over time, is at the rate most consistent with its dual mandate, the Committee expects to maintain a highly accommodative stance for monetary policy. In particular, the Committee decided today to keep the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25 percent. In light of the improvement in the economic outlook, the Committee now anticipates that economic conditions—including low rates of resource utilization and a subdued outlook for inflation over the medium run—are likely to warrant exceptionally low levels for the federal funds rate until mid-2013.]
4. The Committee also decided to complete in June the program to extend the average maturity of its holdings of securities that it announced in September. The Committee is maintaining its existing policies of reinvesting principal payments from its holdings of agency debt and agency mortgage-backed securities in agency mortgage-backed securities and of rolling over maturing Treasury securities at auction. The Committee will regularly review the size and composition of its securities holdings and is prepared to adjust those holdings asnecessary to promote employment and price stability.
  