>> Alternative C
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in January suggests that the economy has been expanding moderatelyAlthough the unemployment rate remains elevated, it has declined notably and the pace of employment growth has picked up. Household spending and business fixed investment have continued to advance and indicators of conditions in the housing sector have improved somewhat. Inflation has been subdued in recent months, and longer-term inflation expectations have remained stable. However, prices of crude oil and gasoline have increased significantly of late.
2. Consistent with its statutory mandate, the Committee seeks to foster maximum employment and price stability. The Committee expects a gradual increase in the pace of economic growth over coming quarters and consequently anticipates that the unemployment rate will continue to decline toward levels that the Committee judges to be consistent with its dual mandate. The Committee also anticipates that the recent increase in oil and gasoline prices is likely to push inflation above the rate that the Committee judges most consistent with its dual mandate. Moreover, the Committee sees some risk that inflation could remain elevated going forward given the current degree of policy accommodation.
3. To support the economic recovery and to help ensure that inflation, over time, is at the rate most consistent with its dual mandate, the Committee decided today to reduce from $400 billion to $250 billion the program to extend the average maturity of its holdings of securities that was announced in September and to complete this program by the end of March. The Committee also decided to keep the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25 percent and currently anticipates that this exceptionally low range for the federal funds rate will be appropriate only as long as inflation is projected to remain subdued over the medium term, longer-term inflation expectations continue to be well anchored, and progress toward maximum employment remains insufficient.
4. The Committee is also maintaining its existing policies of reinvesting principal payments from its holdings of agency debt and agency mortgage-backed securities in agency mortgage-backed securities and of rolling over maturing Treasury securities at auction. The Committee will regularly review the size and composition of its securities holdings and is prepared to adjust those holdings as appropriate to promote its objectives of maximum employment and price stability.
  