>> Alternative A
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in June suggests that economic activity decelerated somewhat over the first half of this year. Growth in employment has been slow in recent months, and the unemployment rate remains elevated. Business fixed investment has continued to advance. Household spending appears to be rising at a somewhat slower pace than earlier in the year. Despite some signs of improvement, the housing sector remains depressed. Inflation has been subdued in recent months, mainly reflecting lower prices of crude oil and gasoline, and longer-term inflation expectations have remained stable.
2. Consistent with its statutory mandate, the Committee seeks to foster maximum employment and price stability. The Committee expects economic growth to be moderate over coming quarters and then to pick up very gradually. Consequently, the Committee anticipates that the unemployment rate will decline only slowly toward levels that it judges to be consistent with its dual mandate. Furthermore, strains in global financial markets continue to pose significant downside risks to the economic outlook. The Committee anticipates that inflation over the medium term will run at or below the rate that it judges most consistent with its dual mandate.
3. To support a stronger economic recovery and to help ensure that inflation, over time, is at the rate most consistent with its dual mandate, the Committee decided to begin a new large-scale asset purchase program. Specifically, the Committee now intends to increase its holdings of longer-term Treasury securities at a pace of about $45 billion per month and of agency mortgage-backed securities at a pace of about $30 billion per month. The Committee anticipates continuing to add to its holdings at least until it observes sustained improvement in labor market conditions, as long as projected medium-term inflation is close to its mandate-consistent level and longer-term inflation expectations remain stable.The increase in the Committee’s securities holdings should put downward pressure on longer-term interest rates, support mortgage markets, and help to make broader financial conditions more accommodative. This new purchase program replaces the previously announced maturity extension program; therefore, the Committee is ending its sales of shorter-term Treasury securities and reinstituting its policy of rolling over maturing Treasury securities at auction. The Committee is maintaining its existing policy of reinvesting principal payments from its holdings of agency debt and agency mortgage-backed securities in agency mortgage-backed securities. The Committee will regularly review the pace and composition of its securities purchases in light of the economic outlook and its ongoing assessments of the efficacy and costs of the program, and is prepared tomake adjustments as appropriate to promote a stronger economic recovery and sustained improvement in labor market conditions in a context of price stability.
4. The Committee also decided today to keep the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25 percent. To support sustained improvement in labor market conditions and to help ensure that inflation is close to its mandate-consistent level over the medium run, the Committee expects to maintain a highly accommodative stance for monetary policy as the economic recovery strengthens. In particular, the Committee currently anticipates that exceptionally low levels for the federal funds rate are likely to be warranted at least through mid-2015.

