>> Alternative B
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in August suggests that economic activity has continued to expand at a moderate pace in recent months. Although employment has increased somewhat, the unemployment rate remains elevated. Household spending has continued to advance, but growth in business fixed investment appears to have slowed. The housing sector has shown some further signs of improvement, albeit from a depressed level. Inflation has been subdued, although the prices of some key commodities have increased recently. Longer-term inflation expectations have remained stable.
2. Consistent with its statutory mandate, the Committee seeks to foster maximum employment and price stability. The Committee expects that, without further policy accommodation, economic growth likely would not be strong enough to generate sustained improvement in labor market conditions. Furthermore, strains in global financial markets continue to pose significant downside risks to the economic outlook. The Committee also anticipates that inflation over the medium term likely would run at or below its 2 percent objective.
3. To support a stronger economic recovery and to help ensure that inflation, over time, is at the rate most consistent with its dual mandate, the Committee decided today to begin a new asset-purchase program. Specifically, the Committee now intends to increase its holdings of longer-term Treasury securities at a pace of about $45 billion per month and increase its holdings of agency mortgage-backed securities at a pace of about $30 billion per month. This new asset-purchase program replaces the previously announced maturity extension program. In particular, the Committee is ending its sales of shorter-term Treasury securities and reinstituting its policy of rolling over maturing Treasury securities at auction. The Committee is maintaining its existing policy of reinvesting principal payments from its holdings of agency debt and agency mortgage-backed securities in agency mortgage-backed securities. 
4. The Committee will continue this new asset-purchase program until it has observed substantial ongoing improvement in labor market conditions, provided that the Committee projects that inflation over the medium term will be close to its 2 percent objective and longer-term inflation expectations remain stable. Given its current assessment of the economic outlook, the Committee anticipates that this program will continue at least through mid-2013. These increases in its securities holdings should put downward pressure on longer-term interest rates, support mortgage markets, and help to make broader financial conditions more accommodative. The Committee will regularly review the pace and composition of its securities purchases in light of actual and projected progress toward its objectives and its ongoing assessments of the efficacy and costs of the purchases.
5. To support continued progress toward maximum employment and price stability, the Committee expects that a highly accommodative stance of monetary policy will remain appropriate for a considerable time after the conclusion of this asset-purchase program. In particular, the Committee also decided today to keep the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25 percent and, currently anticipates that exceptionally low levels for the federal funds rate are likely to be warranted at least through mid-2015. 

