>> Alternative B2x
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in April suggests that the economy has been expanding moderately this year. However, growth in employment has slowed in recent months, and the unemployment rate remains elevated. Business fixed investment has continued to advance. Household spending appears to be rising at a somewhat slower pace than earlier in the year. Despite some signs of improvement, the housing sector remains depressed.
2. The Committee sees it as most likely that economic growth will remain moderate over coming quarters and then pick up very gradually. Consequently, the Committee anticipates that the unemployment rate will decline only slowly toward levels that it judges to be consistent with its dual mandate.
3. Inflation has declined, mainly reflecting lower prices of crude oil and gasoline. Longer-term inflation expectations have remained stable. The Committee views it as most likely that inflation over the medium term will run at or below the rate that it judges most consistent with its dual mandate.
4. In the Committee’s assessment, the risks to the outlook for growth in output and employment are primarily to the downside, while the risks to the outlook for inflation are roughly balanced. Strains in global financial markets continue to pose significant downside risks to the outlook for economic activity; these risks have become somewhat greater since earlier this year. The risk of a sharp increase in the prices of oil and other commodities, which could lead to temporarily higher inflation and temporarily weaker growth, has diminished recently.
5. The Committee decided today to keep the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25 percent and currently anticipates that economic conditions—including low rates of resource utilization and a subdued outlook for inflation over the medium run—are likely to warrant exceptionally low levels for the federal funds rate at least through late 2014.
6. The Committee also decided to continue through the end of the year its program to extend the average maturity of its holdings of securities. Specifically, the Committee intends to purchase Treasury securities with remaining maturities of 6 years to 30 years at the current pace and to sell or redeem an equal amount of Treasury securities with remaining maturities of approximately 3 years or less. This continuation of the maturity extension program should put downward pressure on longer-term interest rates and help to make broader financial conditions more accommodative. The Committee is maintaining its existing policy of reinvesting principal payments from its holdings of agency debt and agency mortgage-backed securities in agency mortgage-backed securities.
7. The Committee’s action today is intended to support a stronger economic recovery and mitigate downside risks, thereby fostering a faster return of the unemployment rate to mandate-consistent levels, while maintaining inflation near its 2 percent objective in the medium term. The Committee is prepared to take further action as appropriate to promote a stronger economic recovery and sustained improvement in labor market conditions in a context of price stability.
  

