>> Alternative C
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in December suggests that the economic recovery has strengthened somewhat. Although the unemployment rate remains elevated, it has declined recently, and employment continues to increase. Household spending has advanced further, and business fixed investment has continued to expand, but the housing sector remains depressed. Inflation has moderated somewhat since the first half of last year, and longer-term inflation expectations have remained stable.
2. Consistent with its statutory mandate, the Committee seeks to foster maximum employment and price stability. The Committee expects a firming in the pace of economic growth over coming quarters and consequently anticipates that the unemployment rate will decline gradually toward levels that the Committee judges to be consistent with its dual mandate. The Committee also anticipates that over coming quarters, inflation will run at levels consistent with the Committee's dual mandate. The Committee will continue to pay close attention to the evolution of inflation and inflation expectations.
3. To support the economic recovery while ensuring that inflation, over time, is at levels that are consistent with the dual mandate, the Committee decided today to reduce by half the size of the program to extend the average maturity of its holdings of securities as announced in September and to complete the program by the end of February. The Committee is maintaining its existing policies of reinvesting principal payments from its holdings of agency debt and agency mortgage- backed securities in agency mortgage-backed securities and of rolling over maturing Treasury securities at auction. The Committee will regularly review the size and composition of its securities holdings and is prepared to adjust those holdings as appropriate.
4. The Committee also decided to keep the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25 percent and now anticipates that economic conditions—including low rates of resource utilization and a subdued outlook for inflation over the medium run—are likely to warrant exceptionally low levels for the federal funds rate for an extended period.
5. The Committee will assess the economic outlook in light of incoming information and is prepared to employ its tools as appropriate to promote its objectives of maximum employment and price stability.  