>> Alternative Cxx
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in April suggests that the economy has been expanding moderately, and labor-market conditions have improved, on balance, this year. Private domestic demand has continued to advance. Inflation has declined somewhat, mainly reflecting lower prices of crude oil and gasoline, and longer-term inflation expectations have remained stable.
2. Consistent with its statutory mandate, the Committee seeks to foster maximum employment and price stability. The Committee expects economic growth to remain moderate over coming quarters and then to pick up gradually. Consequently, the Committee anticipates that the unemployment rate will decline gradually toward levels that it judges to be consistent with its dual mandate. Strains in global financial markets continue to pose significant downside risks to the economic outlook. The Committee anticipates that inflation over the medium term will run at about the rate that it judges most consistent with its dual mandate.
3. To support a sustainable economic recovery and to help ensure that inflation, over time, is at the rate most consistent with its dual mandate, the Committee expects to maintain a highly accommodative stance for monetary policy. In particular, the Committee decided today to keep the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25 percent. As rates of resource utilization rise toward levels consistent with maximum employment, the Committee eventually will need to make monetary policy less accommodative in order to ensure that the economy expands at a sustainable pace and to prevent inflation from persistently exceeding its longer-run objective. In determining the appropriate time to increase its target for the federal funds rate, the Committee will consider a range of factors, including actual and projected labor market conditions, the medium-term outlook for inflation, and the risks to the achievement of the Committee’s objectives.
4. The Committee also decided to complete at the end of this month the program to extend the average maturity of its holdings of securities that it announced in September. The Committee is maintaining its existing policies of reinvesting principal payments from its holdings of agency debt and agency mortgage-backed securities in agency mortgage-backed securities and of rolling over maturing Treasury securities at auction. The Committee will regularly review the size and composition of its securities holdings and is prepared to adjust those holdings as necessary to promote maximum employment and price stability.
  