>> Alternative Ax
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in January suggests that the economy has been expanding moderately. While labor market conditions have improved somewhat further, the unemployment rate remains elevated. Household spending and business fixed investment have continued to advance. The housing sector remains depressed. Inflation has been subdued in recent months, although prices of crude oil and gasoline have increased lately. Longer-term inflation expectations have remained stable.
2. Consistent with its statutory mandate, the Committee seeks to foster maximum employment and price stability. The Committee expects that, absent further policy action, economic growth would slow over coming quarters the unemployment rate would decline only gradually toward levels that the Committee judges to be consistent with its dual mandate. Strains in global financial markets continue to pose significant downside risks to the economic outlook. The recent increase in oil and gasoline prices is likely to reduce consumers’ purchasing power while pushing up inflation temporarily. Nonetheless, the Committee anticipates that subsequently inflation will run at or below the rate that it judges most consistent with its dual mandate.
3. To support a stronger economic recovery and to help ensure that inflation, over time, is at the rate most consistent with its dual mandate, the Committee decided today to purchase additional agency mortgage-backed securities, initially at a rate of $40 billion per month. The Committee will adjust the pace of purchases and determine the ultimate size of the program as needed to foster its objectives. In addition, the Committee decided to continue its program to extend the average maturity of its holdings of securities as announced in September. The Committee also is maintaining its existing policies of reinvesting principal payments from its holdings of agency debt and agency mortgage-backed securities in agency mortgage-backed securities and of rolling over maturing Treasury securities at auction. These programs should put downward pressure on longer-term interest rates, provide support to mortgage markets, and help make broader financial conditions more accommodative. 
4. The Committee also decided to keep the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25 percent and currently anticipates that economic conditions—including low rates of resource utilization and a subdued outlook for inflation over the medium run—are likely to warrant exceptionally low levels for the federal funds rate at least through late 2014.
5. The Committee will employ its tools as needed to promote a stronger economic recovery in a context of price stability.


