>> Alternative Cxx
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in September suggests that economic activity has continued to expand at a moderate pace in recent months despite the adverse effects of the drought on agricultural production. Employment has increased further, and the unemployment rate, though still elevated, has declined. Private domestic demand has continued to advance. The housing sector has shown some further signs of improvement. Inflation, recently picked up, mainly reflecting higher energy prices; however, longer-term inflation expectations have remained stable.
2. Consistent with its statutory mandate, the Committee seeks to foster maximum employment and price stability. The Committee accommodation, economic growth might not be strong enough to generate sustained expects economic growth to be moderate over coming quarters and then to pick up gradually, supported in part by the highly accommodative stance of monetary policy, and consequently anticipates that the unemployment rate will continue to decline toward levels that the Committee judges consistent with its dual mandate. However, strains in global financial markets continue to pose significant downside risks to the economic outlook. The Committee also anticipates that inflation over the medium term will run near its 2 percent objective.
3. To support a stronger economic recovery and to help ensure that inflation, over time, is at the rate most consistent with its dual mandate, the Committee agreed today to continue purchasing additional agency mortgage-backed securities at a pace of $40 billion per month through the end of the year. The Committee also will continue through the end of the year its program to extend the average maturity of its holdings of Treasury securities, and it is maintaining its existing policy of reinvesting principal payments from its holdings of agency debt and agency mortgage-backed securities in agency mortgage-backed securities. These actions, which together will increase the Committee’s holdings of longer-term securities by about $85 billion each month through the end of the year, should put downward pressure on longer-term interest rates, support mortgage markets, and help to make broader financial conditions more accommodative.
4. The Committee will closely monitor incoming information on economic and financial developments substantially, the Committee will continue its purchases of agency mortgage-backed securities, undertake additional asset purchases, and employ its other policy tools as and is prepared to take further action as needed to promote sustained improvement in labor market conditions in a context of price stability. 
5. To support continued progress toward maximum employment and price stability, the Committee expects that a highly accommodative stance of monetary policy will remain appropriate for a considerable time after the economic recovery strengthens. In particular, the Committee decided today to keep the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25 percent and currently anticipates that exceptionally low levels for the federal funds rate are likely to be warranted at least through mid- 2014.


