>> Alternative A
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in March suggests that the economy has been expanding moderately. Labor market conditions have improved in recent months; the unemployment rate has declined but remains elevated. Household spending and business fixed investment have continued to advance. The housing sector remains depressed. Inflation has picked up somewhat, mainly reflecting higher prices of crude oil and gasoline. However, longer-term inflation expectations have remained stable.
2. Consistent with its statutory mandate, the Committee seeks to foster maximum employment and price stability. The Committee anticipates that, absent further policy stimulus, economic growth would be unacceptably slow and that the unemployment rate would decline only very gradually toward levels that the Committee judges to be consistent with its dual mandate. Strains in global financial markets continue to pose significant downside risks to the economic outlook. The increase in oil and gasoline prices earlier this year is reducing consumers’ purchasing power while boosting inflation temporarily, but the Committee anticipates that subsequently inflation will run at or below the rate that it judges most consistent with its dual mandate.
3.1. To support a stronger economic recovery and to help ensure that inflation, over time, is at the rate most consistent with its dual mandate, the Committee decided today to expand its program to extend the average maturity of its holdings of securities. After completing the transactions that it announced last September, the Committee intends to purchase, between July 2012 and the end of March 2013, an additional $400 billion of Treasury securities with remaining maturities of 6 years to 30 years, and to sell an equal amount of Treasury securities with remaining maturities of 4 years or less. These transactions should put downward pressure on longer-term interest rates and help to make broader financial conditions more accommodative. The Committee is maintaining its existing policies of reinvesting principal payments from its holdings of agency debt and agency mortgage-backed securities in agency mortgage-backed securities and of rolling over maturing Treasury securities at auction. The Committee will regularly review the size and composition of its securities holdings and is prepared to adjust those holdings as appropriate to promote a stronger economic recovery in a context of price stability.
3.2. To support a stronger economic recovery and to help ensure that inflation, over time, is at the rate most consistent with its dual mandate, the Committee decided today to purchase an additional $500 billion of agency mortgage-backed securities by the end of April 2013. The Committee also will complete the program to extend the average maturity of its holdings of securities that it announced in September. These transactions should put downward pressure on longer-term interest rates, support mortgage markets, and help to make broader financial conditions more accommodative. The Committee is maintaining its existing policies of reinvesting principal payments from its holdings of agency debt and agency mortgage-backed securities in agency mortgage-backed securities and of rolling over maturing Treasury securities at auction. The Committee will regularly review the size and composition of its securities holdings and is prepared to adjust those holdings as appropriate to promote a stronger economic recovery in a context of price stability.
4. The Committee also decided to keep the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25 percent and currently anticipates that economic conditions are likely to warrant exceptionally low levels for the federal funds rate at least through late 2014.
5. In judging the appropriate stance of monetary policy, the Committee will consider a range of factors, including rates of resource utilization, the projected pace of improvement in labor market conditions, the contours of the medium-run inflation outlook, the stability of longer-run inflation expectations, and the balance of risks that could impede the attainment of the Committee’s goals.


