>> Alternative Axxx
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in April suggests that the economy has been expanding moderately this year. However, growth in employment has slowed notably in recent months, and the unemployment rate remains elevated. Business fixed investment has continued to advance. Household spending appears to be rising at a somewhat slower pace than earlier in the year. Despite some signs of improvement, the housing sector remains depressed. Inflation has declined somewhat more than anticipated, mainly reflecting lower prices of crude oil and gasoline, while longer-term inflation expectations have remained stable.
2. Consistent with its statutory mandate, the Committee seeks to foster maximum employment and price stability. The Committee expects economic growth to remain moderate over coming quarters. Consequently, the Committee anticipates that the unemployment rate will decline only slowly toward levels that it judges to be consistent with its dual mandate. Furthermore, strains in global financial markets continue to pose significant downside risks to the economic outlook. The Committee anticipates that inflation over the medium term will run at or below the rate that it judges most consistent with its dual mandate.
3. The Committee expects to maintain a highly accommodative stance for monetary policy. In particular, the Committee will keep the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25 percent and currently anticipates maintaining exceptionally low levels for the federal funds rate at least through mid-2015 in order to support a stronger economic recovery and to help ensure that inflation, over time, is at the rate most consistent with its dual mandate.
4. The Committee also decided to begin purchasing additional agency mortgage-backed securities, initially at a rate of about $40 billion per month. The Committee will adjust the pace of purchases and determine the ultimate size of the program as needed to promote a stronger economic recovery and more rapid improvement in labor market conditions in a context of price stability. This program should put downward pressure on longer-term interest rates, support mortgage markets, and help to make broader financial conditions more accommodative. The Committee will complete this month the program to extend the average maturity of its holdings of securities that it announced in September. The Committee is maintaining its existing policies of reinvesting principal payments from its holdings of agency debt and agency mortgage-backed securities in agency mortgage-backed securities and of rolling over maturing Treasury securities at auction.
5. The situation in Europe remains a source of stress in global financial markets. The Committee will continue to closely monitor European developments and their potential consequences for the economic recovery. The Federal Reserve will deploy its tools as necessary to address the effects of global financial strains on the U.S. financial system and economy.



