>> Alternative A
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in August suggests that economic activity has continued to expand at a moderate pace in recent months. Although employment has increased somewhat, the unemployment rate remains elevated. Household spending has continued to advance, but growth in business fixed investment appears to have slowed. The housing sector has shown some further signs of improvement, albeit from a depressed level. Inflation has been subdued, although the prices of some key commodities have increased recently. Longer-term inflation expectations have remained stable.
2. Consistent with its statutory mandate, the Committee seeks to foster maximum employment and price stability. The Committee expects that, without further policy accommodation, economic growth likely would not be strong enough to generate sustained improvement in labor market conditions. Furthermore, strains in global financial markets continue to pose significant downside risks to the economic outlook. The Committee also anticipates that inflation over the medium term likely would run at or below its 2 percent objective.
3. To support a stronger economic recovery and to help ensure that inflation, over time, is close to 2 percent, the Committee decided today to begin a new asset-purchase program. Specifically, the Committee now intends to purchase $750 billion of longer-term Treasury securities and $500 billion of agency mortgage-backed securities by early 2014, a combined pace of about $75 billion per month. These increases in its securities holdings should put downward pressure on longer-term interest rates, support mortgage markets, and help to make broader financial conditions more accommodative. The Committee will regularly review the size and composition of its balance sheet in light of economic and financial developments and remains prepared to make adjustments as appropriate to promote a stronger economic recovery and sustained improvement in labor market conditions in a context of price stability.
4. This new asset-purchase program replaces the previously announced maturity extension program. In particular, the Committee is ending its sales of shorter- term Treasury securities and reinstituting its policy of rolling over maturing Treasury securities at auction. The Committee is maintaining its existing policy of reinvesting principal payments from its holdings of agency debt and agency mortgage-backed securities in agency mortgage-backed securities.
5. To support continued progress toward maximum employment and price stability, the Committee expects that a highly accommodative stance of monetary policy will remain appropriate for a considerable time after the conclusion of this asset-purchase program. In particular, the Committee also decided today to keep the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25 percent and currently anticipates that exceptionally low levels for the federal funds rate are likely to be warranted at least through mid-2015.


