>> Alternative B3x
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in August suggests that economic activity has continued to expand at a moderate pace in recent months. Although employment has increased somewhat, the unemployment rate remains elevated. Household spending has continued to advance, but growth in business fixed investment appears to have slowed. The housing sector has shown some further signs of improvement, albeit from a depressed level. Inflation has been subdued, although the prices of some key commodities have increased recently. Longer-term inflation expectations have remained stable.
2. Consistent with its statutory mandate, the Committee seeks to foster maximum employment and price stability. The Committee expects that, without further policy accommodation, economic growth likely would not be strong enough to generate sustained improvement in labor market conditions. Furthermore, strains in global financial markets continue to pose significant downside risks to the economic outlook. The Committee also anticipates that inflation over the medium term likely would run at or below its 2 percent objective.
3. To support more rapid improvement in labor market conditions and to help ensure that inflation, over time, is at the rate most consistent with its dual mandate, the Committee intends to maintain a highly accommodative stance for monetary policy for a considerable time after the economic recovery strengthens. In particular, the Committee decided today to keep the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25 percent and anticipates that this exceptionally low range for the federal funds rate will be appropriate at least as long as the unemployment rate exceeds 6.5 percent, provided that inflation is projected to be close to the Committee’s 2 percent objective in the medium term and longer-term inflation expectations continue to be well anchored.
4. The threshold value for unemployment given in the previous paragraph should not be interpreted as representing the Committee’s longer-term objective for maximum employment. In particular, because monetary policy actions affect the economy only with a lag, the process of removing policy accommodation must begin before the unemployment rate has returned to its longer-run normal level.
5. The Committee also decided to continue through the end of the year its program to extend the average maturity of its holdings of securities as announced in June, and it is maintaining its existing policy of reinvesting principal payments from its holdings of agency debt and agency mortgage-backed securities in agency mortgage-backed securities.
6. The Committee will closely monitor incoming information on economic and financial developments and will provide additional accommodation as needed to promote a stronger economic recovery in a context of price stability. In particular, if the Committee does not observe substantial ongoing improvement in labor market conditions over coming months, it will engage in further asset purchases until such improvement is achieved. In determining the pace and composition of any new asset-purchase program, the Committee will take appropriate account of the likely efficacy and costs of additional purchases.
  


