>> Alternative C
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in December indicates that growth in economic activity slowed in recent months because of weather-related disruptions and other transitory factors. Although the unemployment rate remains elevated, it has declined substantially during the past year. Household spending and business fixed investment advanced, and the housing sector has shown further improvement. Inflation has been running somewhat below the Committee’s longer-run objective, apart from temporary variations that largely reflect fluctuations in energy prices. Longer-term inflation expectations have remained stable.
2. Consistent with its statutory mandate, the Committee seeks to foster maximum employment and price stability. The Committee expects that economic growth will return to a moderate pace and that the unemployment rate will decline toward levels the Committee judges consistent with its dual mandate. Furthermore, strains in global financial markets and the associated downside risks to the economic outlook appear to have diminished. The Committee also anticipates that inflation over the medium term likely will run close to its 2 percent objective.
3. In light of the outlook for labor markets and inflation, and its current assessment of the likely efficacy and costs of further asset purchases, the Committee decided to reduce the pace of its asset purchases. In particular, the Committee will purchase additional agency mortgage-backed securities at a pace of $20 billion per month and longer-term Treasury securities at a pace of $25 billion per month. The Committee will continue to reinvest principal payments from its holdings of agency debt and agency mortgage-backed securities in agency mortgage-backed securities and to roll over maturing Treasury securities at auction. Taken together, these actions will increase the Committee’s holdings of longer-term securities and should maintain downward pressure on longer-term interest rates, support mortgage markets, and help to keep broader financial conditions accommodative.
4. The Committee will closely monitor incoming information on economic and financial developments in coming months. If the economy develops as anticipated, the Committee expects to further reduce the pace of its asset purchases in coming months and to bring them to an end by midyear. However, if the labor market does not improve as expected or if inflation is projected to be appreciably below 2 percent, the Committee is prepared to maintain or increase the pace of its purchases of longer-term securities, and employ its other policy tools as appropriate. In determining the size, pace, and composition of its asset purchases, the Committee will, as always, take appropriate account of the likely efficacy and costs of such purchases.
5. To support continued progress toward maximum employment and price stability, the Committee expects that a highly accommodative stance of monetary policy will remain appropriate for a considerable time after the asset purchase program ends and the economic recovery strengthens. In particular, the Committee decided to keep the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25 percent and currently anticipates that this exceptionally low range for the federal funds rate will be appropriate at least as long as the unemployment rate remains above 6.5 percent, inflation between one and two years ahead is projected to be no more than a half percentage point above the Committee’s 2 percent longer-run goal, and longer-term inflation expectations continue to be well anchored. In determining how long to maintain a highly accommodative stance of monetary policy, the Committee will also consider other information, including additional measures of labor market conditions, indicators of inflation pressures and inflation expectations, and readings on financial developments. When the Committee decides to begin to remove policy accommodation, it will take a balanced approach consistent with its longer-run goals of maximum employment and inflation of 2 percent.
  