>> Alternative Cx
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in June indicates that economic activity has been expanding at a moderate pace. Labor market conditions have shown further improvement, with solid gains in payroll employment, although the unemployment rate has not declined in recent months. Household spending and business fixed investment advanced, and the housing sector has strengthened further even though fiscal policy is restraining economic growth. Partly reflecting transitory influences, inflation has been running below the Committee’s longer-run objective, but longer-term inflation expectations have remained stable.
2. Consistent with its statutory mandate, the Committee seeks to foster maximum employment and price stability. The Committee expects that, with appropriate policy accommodation, economic growth will pick up from its recent pace and the unemployment rate will gradually decline toward levels the Committee judges consistent with its dual mandate. The Committee sees the downside risks to the outlook for the economy and the labor market as having diminished since the fall and is becoming more confident that labor market conditions will continue to improve over the medium term. The Committee also anticipates that inflation over the medium term likely will run at its 2 percent objective.
3. In light of the extent of improvement in the outlook for the labor market since the Committee began its current asset purchase program last September, the Committee decided to reduce its purchases of additional agency mortgage-backed securities to a pace of $30 billion per month and of longer-term Treasury securities to a pace of $30 billion per month. The Committee is maintaining its existing policy of reinvesting principal payments from its holdings of agency debt and agency mortgage-backed securities in agency mortgage-backed securities and of rolling over maturing Treasury securities at auction. The Committee’s sizable and still increasing holdings of longer-term securities should maintain downward pressure on longer-term interest rates, support mortgage markets, and help to keep broader financial conditions highly accommodative.
4. The Committee will closely monitor incoming information on economic and financial developments in coming months. The Committee will continue its purchases of Treasury and agency mortgage-backed securities, and employ its other policy tools as appropriate, until the outlook for the labor market has improved substantially in a context of price stability. In determining the size, pace, and composition of its asset purchases, the Committee will continue to take appropriate account of the likely efficacy and costs of such purchases as well as the extent of progress toward its economic objectives. The Committee’s decisions regarding asset purchases are not on a preset course and will continue to be contingent on the incoming data. Specifically, if the economy evolves about as expected, the Committee anticipates further reducing the pace of its securities purchases later this year, but continuing purchases until the unemployment rate is about 7 percent, economic growth is sufficient to support continuing solid job gains, and inflation is moving back toward its 2 percent longer-run goal. The Committee is prepared to increase or reduce the pace of its purchases as necessary to maintain appropriate policy accommodation as the outlook for the labor market or inflation changes.
5. To support continued progress toward maximum employment and price stability, the Committee expects that a highly accommodative stance of monetary policy will remain appropriate for a considerable time after the asset purchase program ends and the economic recovery strengthens. In particular, the Committee decided to keep the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25 percent and continues to anticipate that this exceptionally low range for the federal funds rate will be appropriate at least as long as the unemployment rate remains above 6.5 percent, inflation between one and two years ahead is projected to be no more than a half percentage point above the Committee’s 2 percent longer-run goal, and longer-term inflation expectations continue to be well anchored. In determining how long to maintain a highly accommodative stance of monetary policy, the Committee will also consider other information, including additional measures of labor market conditions, indicators of inflation pressures and inflation expectations, and readings on financial developments. When the Committee decides to begin to remove policy accommodation, it will take a balanced approach consistent with its longer-run goals of maximum employment and inflation of 2 percent.  
