>> Alternative C 
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in March confirms a return to moderate economic growth following a pause late last year. Although the unemployment rate remains elevated, it has declined further, and other indicators of labor market conditions have shown additional improvement in recent months. Household spending and business fixed investment advanced, and the housing sector has strengthened further, but fiscal policy is somewhat more restrictive. Inflation has been running somewhat below the Committee’s longer-run objective, apart from temporary variations that largely reflect fluctuations in energy prices. Longer-term inflation expectations have remained stable.
2. Consistent with its statutory mandate, the Committee seeks to foster maximum employment and price stability. The Committee expects that, with appropriate policy accommodation, economic growth will proceed at a moderate pace in coming quarters and then pick up, and the unemployment rate will continue to decline toward levels the Committee judges consistent with its dual mandate. The Committee also anticipates that inflation over the medium term likely will run at or below close to its 2 percent objective. The Committee sees the risks to both economic growth and inflation as roughly balanced.
3. Based on the improvement in its outlook for the labor market since last September, the Committee decided to expand its asset holdings at a slower pace. In particular, the Committee will purchase additional agency mortgage-backed securities at a pace of $30 billion per month and longer-term Treasury securities at a pace of $30 billion per month. The Committee is maintaining its existing policy of reinvesting principal payments from its holdings of agency debt and agency mortgage-backed securities in agency mortgage-backed securities and of rolling over maturing Treasury securities at auction. Taken together, these actions will increase the Committee’s holdings of longer-term securities by $60 billion per month and should sustain downward pressure on longer-term interest rates, support mortgage markets, and help to keep broader financial conditions more accommodative.
4. The Committee will closely monitor incoming information on economic and financial developments in coming months. The Committee will continue its purchases of Treasury and agency mortgage-backed securities, and employ its other policy tools as appropriate, until the outlook for the labor market has improved substantially in a context of price stability. In determining the size, pace, and composition of its asset purchases, the Committee will continue to take appropriate account of the likely efficacy and costs of such purchases as well as the extent of progress toward its economic objectives.
5. To support continued progress toward maximum employment and price stability, the Committee expects that a highly accommodative stance of monetary policy will remain appropriate for a considerable time after the asset purchase program ends and the economic recovery strengthens. In particular, the Committee decided to keep the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25 percent and currently anticipates that this exceptionally low range for the federal funds rate will be appropriate at least as long as the unemployment rate remains above 6.5 percent, inflation between one and two years ahead is projected to be no more than a half percentage point above the Committee’s 2 percent longer-run goal, and longer-term inflation expectations continue to be well anchored. In determining how long to maintain a highly accommodative stance of monetary policy, the Committee will also consider other information, including additional measures of labor market conditions, indicators of inflation pressures and inflation expectations, and readings on financial developments. When the Committee decides to begin to remove policy accommodation, it will take a balanced approach consistent with its longer-run goals of maximum employment and inflation of 2 percent.

  