>> Alternative Cx
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in October indicates that economic activity is expanding at a moderate pace. Labor market conditions have shown further improvement; the unemployment rate, although still elevated, has continued to decrease. Household spending and business fixed investment advanced, while the recovery in the housing sector slowed somewhat in recent months. Fiscal policy is restraining economic growth, but the extent of restraint appears to be diminishing. Inflation has been running somewhat below the Committee’s longer-run objective, but longer-term inflation expectations have remained stable.
2. Consistent with its statutory mandate, the Committee seeks to foster maximum employment and price stability. Taking into account the extent of federal fiscal retrenchment, the Committee sees the cumulative improvement in economic activity and labor market conditions since it began its current asset purchase program as indicating growing underlying strength in the broader economy. The Committee expects that, with appropriate policy accommodation, economic growth will pick up from its recent pace and the unemployment rate will continue to decline toward levels the Committee judges consistent with its dual mandate. The Committee sees the risks to the outlook for the economy and the labor market as roughly balanced. The Committee recognizes that inflation persistently below its 2 percent objective could pose risks to economic performance, but it anticipates that inflation will move back toward 2 percent over the medium term.
3. In light of the cumulative progress toward maximum employment and the substantial improvement in the outlook for the labor market over the past year, the Committee today is announcing a plan to end its current asset purchase program. From January through June of 2014, the Committee will add $180 billion to its holdings of agency mortgage-backed securities at a pace of $30 billion per month, and also will add $180 billion to its holdings of longer-term Treasury securities at a pace of $30 billion per month, bringing the total increase in the Committee’s holdings of longer-term securities during 2013 and 2014 to approximately $1.4 trillion. The Committee is maintaining its existing policy of reinvesting principal payments from its holdings of agency debt and agency mortgage-backed securities in agency mortgage-backed securities and of rolling over maturing Treasury securities at auction. Even after the conclusion of the purchase program, the Committee’s sizable holdings of longer-term securities should maintain downward pressure on longer-term interest rates, support mortgage markets, and help to make broader financial conditions more accommodative, which in turn should promote a stronger economic recovery and help to ensure that inflation, over time, is at the rate most consistent with the Committee’s dual mandate.
4. The Committee will closely monitor incoming information on economic and financial developments. If that information is not broadly consistent with the Committee’s expectation of continued improvement in labor market conditions and inflation moving back toward its longer-run objective, the Committee is prepared to use its policy tools, including additional asset purchases, as appropriate to promote its longer-run goals.  
5. To support continued progress toward maximum employment and price stability, the Committee today reaffirmed its view that a highly accommodative stance of monetary policy will remain appropriate for a considerable time after the asset purchase program ends and the economic recovery strengthens. In particular, the Committee decided to keep the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25 percent and currently anticipates that this exceptionally low range for the federal funds rate will be appropriate at least as long as the unemployment rate remains above 6.5 percent, inflation between one and two years ahead is projected to be no more than a half percentage point above the Committee’s 2 percent longer-run goal, and longer-term inflation expectations continue to be well anchored. In determining how long to maintain a highly accommodative stance of monetary policy, the Committee will also consider other information, including additional measures of labor market conditions, indicators of inflation pressures and inflation expectations, and readings on financial developments. When the Committee decides to begin to remove policy accommodation, it will take a balanced approach consistent with its longer-run goals of maximum employment and inflation of 2 percent.
