>> Alternative Ax
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in October generally suggests that economic activity is expanding at a modest pace. Indicators of labor market conditions have shown some further improvement, but the unemployment rate remains elevated. Household spending and business fixed investment advanced, but the recovery in the housing sector slowed in recent months and fiscal policy is restraining economic growth. Inflation continues to run well below the Committee’s longer-run objective even though longer-term inflation expectations have remained stable.
2. Consistent with its statutory mandate, the Committee seeks to foster maximum employment and price stability. The Committee expects that, with appropriate policy accommodation, economic growth will pick up from its recent pace and the unemployment rate will gradually decline toward levels the Committee judges consistent with its dual mandate. The Committee continues to see modest downside risks to the outlook for the economy and the labor market. The Committee recognizes that inflation persistently below its 2 percent objective could pose risks to economic performance, and it will monitor inflation developments carefully for evidence that inflation is moving back toward its objective over the medium term.
3. Taking into account the extent of federal fiscal retrenchment since the inception of its current asset purchase program, the Committee sees the improvement in economic activity and labor market conditions over that period as consistent with growing underlying strength in the broader economy. However, the Committee judges that progress toward its objectives for the labor market and inflation is not yet sufficient to warrant reducing the pace of its purchases. Accordingly, the Committee decided to continue purchasing additional agency mortgage-backed securities at a pace of $40 billion per month and longer-term Treasury securities at a pace of $45 billion per month. The Committee is maintaining its existing policy of reinvesting principal payments from its holdings of agency debt and agency mortgage-backed securities in agency mortgage-backed securities and of rolling over maturing Treasury securities at auction. Taken together, these actions should maintain downward pressure on longer- term interest rates, support mortgage markets, and help to make broader financial conditions more accommodative, which in turn should promote a stronger economic recovery and help to ensure that inflation, over time, is at the rate most consistent with the Committee’s dual mandate.
4. The Committee will closely monitor incoming information on economic and financial developments in coming months and will continue its purchases of Treasury and agency mortgage-backed securities, and employ its other policy tools as appropriate, until the outlook for the labor market has improved substantially in a context of price stability. In judging when to moderate the pace of asset purchases, the Committee will assess whether incoming information supports the Committee’s expectation of ongoing improvement in labor market conditions and inflation moving back toward its longer-run objective. Asset purchases are not on a preset course, and the Committee’s decisions about their pace will remain contingent on the Committee’s economic outlook as well as its assessment of the likely efficacy and costs of such purchases.
5. To support continued progress toward maximum employment and price stability, the Committee today reaffirmed its view that a highly accommodative stance of monetary policy will remain appropriate for a considerable time after the asset purchase program ends and the economic recovery strengthens. Indeed, to provide additional monetary accommodation, the Committee now intends to keep its target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25 percent at least as long as the unemployment rate remains above 5.5 percent, inflation between one and two years ahead is projected to be no more than a half percentage point above the Committee’s 2 percent longer-run goal, and longer- term inflation expectations continue to be well anchored. If inflation remains well contained when the unemployment threshold is reached, as the Committee expects, the Committee will consider a broad range of indicators of economic and financial conditions in determining how much longer to maintain the 0 to 0.25 percent target range for the federal funds rate. Indicators relevant to a comprehensive assessment of labor market conditions include the level and growth of payroll employment, labor force participation, and measures of hiring and separation. The Committee expects to be patient in considering any increase in its target for the federal funds rate so long as inflation remains well behaved.
6. When the Committee eventually decides to begin to remove policy accommodation, it will take a balanced approach consistent with its longer-run goals of maximum employment and inflation of 2 percent. Consistent with its current economic outlook, the Committee anticipates that keeping the target for the federal funds rate below its longer-run normal value for a considerable time will be appropriate to help achieve and maintain maximum employment and price stability.


