>> Alternative A
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in March suggests that economic activity has been expanding at a moderate pace, on balance, in recent months. However, the pace of improvement in labor market conditions appears to have slowed, and the unemployment rate remains elevated. Household spending and business fixed investment advanced, and the housing sector has strengthened further, but fiscal policy is restraining economic growth. Inflation has been running below the Committee’s longer-run objective, apart from temporary variations that largely reflect fluctuations in energy prices. Longer-term inflation expectations have remained stable.
2. Consistent with its statutory mandate, the Committee seeks to foster maximum employment and price stability. The Committee judges that, without further policy accommodation, economic growth might not be strong enough to generate a sustained improvement in labor market conditions and that inflation over the medium term likely would continue to run below its 2 percent objective. Moreover, the Committee continues to see downside risks to the economic outlook.
3. To support a stronger economic recovery and to help ensure that inflation, over time, is at the rate most consistent with its dual mandate, the Committee will increase the pace at which it purchases agency mortgage-backed securities to $45 billion per month and longer- term Treasury securities to $55 billion per month. The Committee is maintaining its existing policy of reinvesting principal payments from its holdings of agency debt and agency mortgage-backed securities in agency mortgage-backed securities and of rolling over maturing Treasury securities at auction. Taken together, these actions will increase the Committee’s holdings of longer-term securities more quickly and should put additional downward pressure on longer-term interest rates, support mortgage markets, and help to make broader financial conditions more accommodative.
4. The Committee will closely monitor incoming information on economic and financial developments in coming months. The Committee will continue its purchases of Treasury and agency mortgage-backed securities, and employ its other policy tools as appropriate, until the outlook for the labor market has improved substantially in a context of price stability. In determining the size, pace, and composition of its asset purchases, the Committee will continue to take appropriate account of the likely efficacy and costs of such purchases as well as the extent of progress toward its economic objectives.
5. Moreover, to support faster progress toward maximum employment and price stability, the Committee intends to maintain a highly accommodative stance of monetary policy for a considerable time after the asset purchase program ends and the economic recovery strengthens. In particular, the Committee decided to keep the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 0.25 percent and now intends to retain this exceptionally low range for the federal funds rate at least as long as the unemployment rate remains above 5.5 percent, inflation between one and two years ahead is projected to be no more than a half percentage point above the Committee’s 2 percent longer-run goal, and longer-term inflation expectations continue to be well anchored. In determining how long to maintain a highly accommodative stance of monetary policy, the Committee will also consider other information, including additional measures of labor market conditions, indicators of inflation pressures and inflation expectations, and readings on financial developments. When the Committee decides to begin to remove policy accommodation, it will take a balanced approach consistent with its longer-run goals of maximum employment and inflation of 2 percent.


