>> Alternative A
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in January indicates that growth in economic activity slowed during the winter months, in part reflecting adverse weather conditions. Labor market indicators were mixed but on balance showed further improvement. The unemployment rate, however, remains elevated. Household spending and business fixed investment advanced, while the recovery in the housing sector slowed further. Fiscal policy is restraining economic growth, although the extent of restraint is diminishing. Inflation has continued to run well below the Committee’s longer-run objective, even though longer-term inflation expectations have remained stable.
2. Consistent with its statutory mandate, the Committee seeks to foster maximum employment and price stability. The Committee expects that, with appropriate policy accommodation, economic activity will expand at a moderate pace and the unemployment rate will gradually decline toward levels the Committee judges consistent with its dual mandate. The Committee sees the risks to the outlook for the economy and the labor market as tilted slightly to the downside. The Committee recognizes that inflation persistently below its 2 percent objective poses risks to economic performance, and it is monitoring inflation developments carefully for evidence that inflation will move back toward its objective over the medium term.
3. Information about spending and inflation received since the Committee met in January suggests a somewhat greater risk that the pace of improvement in the labor market might slow and that inflation will not return, over the medium run, to the 2 percent rate that the Committee judges most consistent with its dual mandate. For this reason, the Committee will continue to add to its holdings of agency mortgage-backed securities at a pace of $30 billion per month, and to its holdings of longer-term Treasury securities at a pace of $35 billion per month. The Committee is maintaining its existing policy of reinvesting principal payments from its holdings of agency debt and agency mortgage-backed securities in agency mortgage-backed securities and of rolling over maturing Treasury securities at auction. The Committee’s sizable and still-increasing holdings of longer-term securities should maintain downward pressure on longer-term interest rates, support mortgage markets, and help to make broader financial conditions more accommodative, which in turn should promote a stronger economic recovery and help to ensure that inflation, over time, is at the rate most consistent with the Committee’s dual mandate.
4. The Committee will closely monitor incoming information on economic and financial developments in coming months and will continue its purchases of Treasury and agency mortgage-backed securities, and employ its other policy tools as appropriate, until the outlook for the labor market has improved substantially in a context of price stability. If incoming information broadly supports the Committee’s expectation of ongoing improvement in labor market conditions and inflation moving back toward its longer-run objective, the Committee will likely reduce the pace of asset purchases in measured steps at future meetings. However, the Committee’s decisions about the pace of purchases will remain contingent on the Committee’s outlook for the labor market and inflation as well as its assessment of the likely efficacy and costs of such purchases.
5. To support continued progress toward maximum employment and price stability, the Committee today reaffirmed its view that a highly accommodative stance of monetary policy remains appropriate. In determining how long to maintain a highly accommodative stance of monetary policy, the Committee will consider a wide range of information, including measures of labor market conditions, indicators of inflation pressures and inflation expectations, and readings on financial developments. The Committee anticipates, based on its assessment of these factors, that it likely will be appropriate to maintain the current 0 to 0.25 percent target range for the federal funds rate at least as long as inflation between one and two years ahead is projected to be below 2 percent and longer-term inflation expectations continue to be well anchored. In particular, the Committee expects to maintain the 0 to 0.25 percent target range for a considerable time after the asset purchase program ends. When the Committee decides to begin to remove policy accommodation, it will take a balanced approach consistent with its longer-run goals of maximum employment and inflation of 2 percent.


