>> Alternative Cx
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in June indicates that economic activity has been expanding moderately in recent months. Growth in household spending has been moderate and the housing sector has continued to strengthen; however, business fixed investment and net exports stayed soft. The labor market continued to improve, with solid job gains and declining unemployment. On balance, a range of labor market indicators shows an appreciable improvement in labor market conditions since early this year. Inflation continued to run below the Committee’s longer-run objective, partly reflecting earlier declines in energy prices and decreasing prices of non-energy imports. Market-based measures of inflation compensation remain low; survey-based measures of longer-term inflation expectations have remained stable.
2. Consistent with its statutory mandate, the Committee seeks to foster maximum employment and price stability. The Committee expects that, with appropriate adjustments in the stance of monetary policy, economic activity will expand at a moderate pace, with labor market indicators reaching levels the Committee judges consistent with its dual mandate. The Committee continues to see the risks to the outlook for economic activity and the labor market as nearly balanced. Although inflation is anticipated to remain near its recent low level in the near term, the Committee is reasonably confident that inflation will rise to 2 percent over the medium term as the labor market improves further and the transitory effects of earlier declines in energy and import prices dissipate. 
3. In light of the considerable progress that has been achieved toward the attainment of the Committee’s objective of maximum employment, and the Committee’s expectation that inflation will rise, over the medium term, to its 2 percent objective, the Committee decided to raise the target range for the federal funds to 0.25 to 0.5 percent. Even after this adjustment, the stance of policy remains highly accommodative and will continue to support a strong economy. 
4. In determining future adjustments of the target range, the Committee will assess realized and expected deviations from its objectives of maximum employment and 2 percent inflation, and will take a balanced approach to pursuing those objectives. This assessment will take into account a wide range of information, including measures of labor market conditions, indicators of inflation pressures and inflation expectations, and readings on financial and international developments. The Committee currently anticipates that, even after employment and inflation are near mandate-consistent levels, economic conditions may, for some time, warrant keeping the target federal funds rate below levels the Committee views as normal in the longer run. However, the actual path of the target for the federal funds rate will depend on the incoming data. 
5. The Committee is maintaining its existing policy of reinvesting principal payments from its holdings of agency debt and agency mortgage-backed securities in agency mortgage-backed securities and of rolling over maturing Treasury securities at auction.   