>> Alternative C 
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in January indicates that economic activity has been expanding at a solid pace on average in recent quarters. Labor market conditions have improved further, with strong job gains and a lower unemployment rate. A wide range of labor market indicators suggests that the labor market is approaching conditions consistent with maximum employment. Household spending is rising solidly ; earlier declines in energy prices have boosted household purchasing power. Business fixed investment is advancing, while the recovery in the housing sector remains slow. Inflation has declined further below the Committee’s longer-run objective, largely reflecting earlier declines in energy prices. Market-based measures of inflation compensation have increased ; survey-based measures of longer-term inflation expectations have remained stable.
2. Consistent with its statutory mandate, the Committee seeks to foster maximum employment and price stability. The Committee expects that, with appropriate policy accommodation, economic activity will expand at a moderate pace, with labor market indicators continuing to move toward levels the Committee judges consistent with its dual mandate. The Committee continues to see the risks to the outlook for economic activity and the labor market as nearly balanced. Inflation is anticipated to remain near its recent low level in the near term, but the Committee expects inflation to rise gradually to 2 percent over the medium term as the labor market improves further and the transitory effects of earlier energy price declines and other factors dissipate. The Committee continues to monitor inflation developments closely.
3. To support continued progress toward maximum employment and price stability, the Committee today reaffirmed its view that the current 0 to 0.25 percent target range for the federal funds rate remains appropriate. In determining future adjustments of the target range for the federal funds rate, the Committee will assess progress—both realized and expected—toward its objectives of maximum employment and 2 percent inflation. This assessment will take into account a wide range of information, including measures of labor market conditions, indicators of inflation pressures and inflation expectations, and readings on financial and international developments. Based on its current assessment, the Committee judges that economic conditions will likely warrant an increase in the target range for the federal funds rate in a couple of meetings. However, if incoming information indicates slower progress toward the Committee’s employment and inflation objectives than the Committee now expects, then the initial increase is likely to occur later than currently anticipated.
4. The Committee is maintaining its existing policy of reinvesting principal payments from its holdings of agency debt and agency mortgage-backed securities in agency mortgage-backed securities and of rolling over maturing Treasury securities at auction. This policy, by keeping the Committee’s holdings of longer-term securities at sizable levels, should help maintain accommodative financial conditions.
5. Based on its economic outlook, the Committee currently anticipates that even after employment and inflation are near mandate-consistent levels, economic conditions may, for some time, warrant keeping the target federal funds rate below levels the Committee views as normal in the longer run. In response to unanticipated economic and financial developments, the Committee will adjust the target federal funds rate to best promote the attainment of its objectives of maximum employment and 2 percent inflation.   