>> Alternative Cx 
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in March suggests that economic growth slowed during the winter months, in large part reflecting transitory factors. Despite a steady unemployment rate, some labor market indicators suggest that underutilization of labor resources continued to diminish. Household spending rose moderately; households’ real incomes rose strongly, partly reflecting earlier declines in energy prices, and consumer sentiment remains high. Business fixed investment is softened, the recovery in the housing sector remained slow, and export s declined. Although inflation remained below the Committee’s longer-run objective, largely reflecting earlier declines in energy prices and decreasing prices of non-energy imports, it was no longer declining. Market-based measures of inflation compensation remain low; survey-based measures of longer-term inflation expectations have remained stable.
2. Consistent with its statutory mandate, the Committee seeks to foster maximum employment and price stability. The Committee continues to expect that, with appropriate policy accommodation, economic activity will expand at a moderate pace, with labor market indicators continuing to move toward levels the Committee judges consistent with its dual mandate. The Committee continues to see the risks to the outlook for economic activity and the labor market as nearly balanced. Inflation is anticipated to remain near its recent low level in the near term, but the Committee has become more confident that inflation will rise gradually to 2 percent over the medium term as the labor market improves further and the transitory effects of declines in energy and import prices dissipate. The Committee continues to monitor inflation developments closely.
3. To support continued progress toward maximum employment and price stability, the Committee today reaffirmed its view that the current 0 to 0.25 percent target range for the federal funds rate remains appropriate. The Committee’s current assessment is that economic conditions likely will soon warrant an increase in the target range for the federal funds rate. In determining when to adjust the target range, the Committee will assess progress—both realized and expected—toward its objectives of maximum employment and 2 percent inflation. This assessment will take into account a wide range of information, including measures of labor market conditions, indicators of inflation pressures and inflation expectations, and readings on financial and international developments. 
4. The Committee is maintaining its existing policy of reinvesting principal payments from its holdings of agency debt and agency mortgage-backed securities in agency mortgage-backed securities and of rolling over maturing Treasury securities at auction. This policy, by keeping the Committee’s holdings of longer-term securities at sizable levels, should help maintain accommodative financial conditions.
5. In response to economic and financial developments, the Committee will adjust the target federal funds rate to promote the attainment of its objectives of maximum employment and 2 percent inflation. Based on its economic outlook, the Committee currently anticipates that, even after employment and inflation are near mandate-consistent levels, economic conditions may, for some time, warrant keeping the target federal funds rate below levels the Committee views as normal in the longer run. 