>> Alternative A
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in July suggests that economic activity is expanding at a moderate pace Household spending and business fixed investment have been increasing moderately, and the housing sector has improved further ; however, have been soft. The labor market continued to improve, with solid job gains and declining unemployment., A range of labor market indicators shows that underutilization of labor resources has diminished since early this year, but gains in labor compensation have remained subdued. Both overall and core inflation have continued to run below the Committee’s longer-run inflation objective, partly reflecting earlier declines in energy prices and in prices of non-energy imports. Market-based measures of inflation compensation are near multiyear lows ; survey-based measures of longer-term inflation expectations have remained stable.
2. Consistent with its statutory mandate, the Committee seeks to foster maximum employment and price stability. The Committee expects that, with appropriate policy accommodation, economic activity will expand at a moderate pace, with labor market indicators continuing to move toward levels the Committee judges consistent with its dual mandate. However, in light of economic and financial developments abroad, the Committee see s the risks to the outlook for economic activity and the labor market as tilted somewhat to the downside. Inflation is anticipated to remain very low in the near term as recent movements in oil prices and exchange rates impose some additional restraint on inflation. The Committee expects inflation to rise gradually toward 2 percent over the medium term as the labor market improves further and the transitory effects of earlier declines in energy and import prices dissipate, but it continues to monitor inflation developments closely.
3. With inflation, core inflation, and gains in labor compensation all subdued, and with market-based measures of inflation compensation very low, the Committee judges that the current 0 to 0.25 percent target range for the federal funds rate remains appropriate to support continued progress toward maximum employment and price stability. In determining how long to maintain this target range, the Committee will assess progress—both realized and expected— toward its objectives of maximum employment and 2 percent inflation. This assessment will take into account a wide range of information, including measures of labor market conditions, indicators of inflation pressures and inflation expectations, and readings on financial and international developments. If incoming information does not soon indicate that inflation is beginning to move back toward 2 percent, the Committee is prepared to necessary to return inflation to 2 percent within one to two years. 
4. The Committee is maintaining its existing policy of reinvesting principal payments from its holdings of agency debt and agency mortgage-backed securities in agency mortgage-backed securities and of rolling over maturing Treasury securities at auction. This policy, by keeping the Committee’s holdings of longer-term securities at sizable levels, should help maintain accommodative financial conditions. 
5. When the Committee decides to begin to remove policy accommodation, it will take a balanced approach consistent with its longer-run goals of maximum employment and inflation of 2 percent. The Committee currently anticipates that, even after employment and inflation are near mandate-consistent levels, economic conditions may, for some time, warrant keeping the target federal funds rate below levels the Committee views as normal in the longer run. 


