>> Alternative A 
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in January indicates that growth in economic activity has earlier declines in energy prices have boosted household purchasing power. Business fixed investment is advancing modestly, export growth has weakened, and the recovery in the housing sector remains slow. Inflation has declined further below the Committee’s longer-run objective, partly reflecting earlier declines in energy prices. Market-based measures of inflation compensation remain well below levels observed last summer ; survey-based measures of longer-term inflation expectations have remained stable.
2. Consistent with its statutory mandate, the Committee seeks to foster maximum employment and price stability. The Committee expects that, with appropriate policy accommodation, economic activity will expand at a moderate pace, with labor market indicators continuing to move toward levels the Committee judges consistent with its dual mandate. The Committee continues to see the risks to the outlook for economic activity and the labor market as nearly balanced. Inflation is anticipated to remain near its recent low level in the near term. The Committee expects inflation to rise very gradually toward 2 percent over the medium term as the labor market improves further and the transitory effects of earlier energy price declines and other factors dissipate. However, the Committee is concerned that inflation could run substantially below the 2 percent objective for a protracted period and continues to monitor inflation developments closely.
3. To support continued progress toward maximum employment and price stability, the Committee today reaffirmed its view that the current 0 to 0.25 percent target range for the federal funds rate remains appropriate. In determining how long to maintain this target range, the Committee will assess progress—both realized and expected— toward its objectives of maximum employment and 2 percent inflation. This assessment will take into account a wide range of information, including measures of labor market conditions, indicators of inflation pressures and inflation expectations, and readings on financial and international developments. Based on its current assessment, the Committee judges that it can be patient in beginning to normalize the stance of monetary policy until inflation is clearly moving up toward 2 percent. The Committee is prepared to use its tools as necessary to return inflation to 2 percent in two to three years. 
4. The Committee is maintaining its existing policy of reinvesting principal payments from its holdings of agency debt and agency mortgage-backed securities in agency mortgage-backed securities and of rolling over maturing Treasury securities at auction. This policy, by keeping the Committee’s holdings of longer-term securities at sizable levels, should help maintain accommodative financial conditions. 
5. When the Committee decides to begin to remove policy accommodation, it will take a balanced approach consistent with its longer-run goals of maximum employment and inflation of 2 percent. The Committee currently anticipates that, even after employment and inflation are near mandate-consistent levels, economic conditions may, for some time, warrant keeping the target federal funds rate below levels the Committee views as normal in the longer run. 


