>> Alternative Ax 
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in March suggests that economic growth slowed during the winter months. The pace of job gains moderated, and a lower the unemployment rate remained steady. A range of labor market indicators suggests that underutilization of labor resources was little changed. Growth in household spending declined; Business fixed investment is softened, the recovery in the housing sector remained slow, and export s declined.Inflation continued to run well below the Committee’s longer-run objective, largely reflecting earlier declines in energy prices and decreasing prices of non-energy imports. Market-based measures of inflation compensation remain low; survey-based measures of longer-term inflation expectations have remained stable.
2. Consistent with its statutory mandate, the Committee seeks to foster maximum employment and price stability. The Committee expects that, with appropriate policy accommodation, economic activity will expand at a moderate pace, with labor market indicators continuing to move toward levels the Committee judges consistent with its dual mandate. The Committee to see s the risks to the outlook for economic activity and the labor market as tilted to the downside. Inflation is anticipated to remain near its recent low level in the near term, and to rise gradually toward 2 percent over the medium term as the labor market improves further and the transitory effects of declines in energy and import price s dissipate. However, the Committee is concerned that the pace of improvement in the labor market could remain slow and that inflation could run substantially below the 2 percent objective for a protracted period. 
3. To support continued progress toward maximum employment and price stability, the Committee today reaffirmed its view that the current 0 to 0.25 percent target range for the federal funds rate remains appropriate. In determining how long to maintain this target range, the Committee will assess progress—both realized and expected—toward its objectives of maximum employment and 2 percent inflation. This assessment will take into account a wide range of information, including measures of labor market conditions, indicators of inflation pressures and inflation expectations, and readings on financial and international developments. The Committee anticipates that it will be appropriate to raise the target range for the federal funds rate when it has seen further improvement in the labor market and inflation is clearly moving up toward 2 percent The Committee is prepared to use all of its tools as necessary to return inflation to 2 percent within one to two years. 
4. The Committee is maintaining its existing policy of reinvesting principal payments from its holdings of agency debt and agency mortgage-backed securities in agency mortgage-backed securities and of rolling over maturing Treasury securities at auction. This policy, by keeping the Committee’s holdings of longer-term securities at sizable levels, should help maintain accommodative financial conditions.
5. When the Committee decides to begin to remove policy accommodation, it will take a balanced approach consistent with its longer-run goals of maximum employment and inflation of 2 percent. The Committee currently anticipates that the economy will evolve in a manner that warrants a gradual increase in the target federal funds rate and that, even after employment and inflation are near mandate-consistent levels, economic conditions may, for some time, warrant keeping the target federal funds rate below levels the Committee views as normal in the longer run. 



