>> Alternative C2x
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in April indicates that economic activity is expanding moderately. The pace of job gains picked up while the unemployment rate remained steady. A range of labor market indicators shows that there has been substantial improvement in labor market conditions in recent months. Growth in household spending has been moderate, business fixed investment advanced, the housing sector has shown improvement, and the drag from net exports declined. Partly reflecting earlier declines in energy prices and decreasing prices of non-energy imports, inflation continued to run below the Committee’s longer-run objective. However, energy prices have stabilized, market-based measures of inflation compensation have moved up from their low levels seen earlier in the year, and survey-based measures of longer-term inflation expectations have remained stable.
2. Consistent with its statutory mandate, the Committee seeks to foster maximum employment and price stability. The Committee expects that, with appropriate adjustments in the stance of policy economic activity will expand at a moderate pace, with labor market indicators, on balance, reaching levels the Committee judges consistent with its dual mandate. The Committee see s the risks to the outlook for economic activity and the labor market as balanced. The Committee is reasonably confident that inflation will move back to 2 percent over the medium term as the labor market improves further and the transitory effects of earlier declines in energy and import prices dissipate. 
3. Based on its assessment of progress—both realized and expected—toward its objectives of maximum employment and 2 percent inflation, the Committee today raised its target range for the federal funds rate to. to. percent. Going forward, the Committee will adjust its target range for the federal funds rate, in response to economic and financial developments and their implications for the economic outlook, to promote maximum employment and 2 percent inflation. The Committee currently anticipates that the economy will evolve in a manner that warrants a gradual increase in the target range for the federal funds rate and that, even after employment and inflation are near mandate- consistent levels, economic conditions may, for some time, warrant keeping the target federal funds rate below levels the Committee views as normal in the longer run. However, actual adjustments of the target range for the federal funds rate will be data driven. 
4. The Committee is maintaining its existing policy of reinvesting principal payments from its holdings of agency debt and agency mortgage-backed securities in agency mortgage-backed securities and of rolling over maturing Treasury securities at auction. This policy, by keeping the Committee’s holdings of longer-term securities at sizable levels, should help maintain accommodative financial conditions. 

  