>> Alternative Cx
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in July indicates that economic activity has been expanding at a moderate pace, on average, this year. Household spending and business fixed investment have been increasing moderately, and the housing sector has improved further ; however, have been soft. A range of recent labor market indicators, including solid job gains and lower unemployment, shows further improvement in the labor market and confirms that underutilization of labor resources has diminished since early this year. Inflation has continued to run below the Committee’s longer-run objective, partly reflecting earlier declines in energy prices and in prices of non-energy imports. Although market-based measures of inflation compensation moved lower, survey-based measures of longer-term inflation expectations have remained stable.
2. Consistent with its statutory mandate, the Committee seeks to foster maximum employment and price stability. The Committee expects that, with appropriate adjustments in the stance of monetary policy, economic activity will expand at a moderate pace, with labor market indicators approaching levels the Committee judges consistent with its dual mandate. The Committee is monitoring developments abroad but continues to see the risks to the outlook for economic activity and the labor market as nearly balanced. Inflation is anticipated to remain near its recent low level in the near term, reflecting declines in energy prices and in prices of non-energy imports, but the transitory effects on inflation of these declines will dissipate. With the labor market continuing to improve, and with longer-term inflation expectations remaining stable, the Committee is reasonably confident that inflation will rise to 2 percent over the medium term 
3. In light of the considerable further improvement in labor market conditions this year, and the Committee’s expectation that inflation will rise, over the medium term, to its 2 percent objective, the Committee decided to raise the target range for the federal funds rate to 0.25 to 0.5 percent. Even with this adjustment, the stance of policy remains highly accommodative. 
4. In determining the timing and size of future adjustments to the target range, the Committee will assess realized and expected economic conditions relative to its objectives of maximum employment and 2 percent inflation. This assessment will take into account a wide range of information, including measures of labor market conditions, indicators of inflation pressures and inflation expectations, and readings on financial and international developments. The Committee currently anticipates that, even after employment and inflation are near mandate-consistent levels, economic conditions may, for some time, warrant keeping the target federal funds rate below levels the Committee views as normal in the longer run ; however, the actual path of the target for the federal funds rate will depend on the incoming data.
5. The Committee is maintaining its existing policy of reinvesting principal payments from its holdings of agency debt and agency mortgage-backed securities in agency mortgage-backed securities and of rolling over maturing Treasury securities at auction; the Committee anticipates doing so at least during the early stages of normalization of the level of the federal funds rate. This policy, by keeping the Committee’s holdings of longer-term securities at sizable levels, should help maintain accommodative financial conditions.  