>> Alternative A 
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in April indicates that, although growth in economic activity appears to have picked up, the pace of improvement in the labor market has slowed. Growth in household spending has strengthened. Since the beginning of the year, the housing sector has continued to improve and the drag from net exports appears to have diminished, but business fixed investment has been soft. Although the unemployment rate has declined, job gains have slowed noticeably. Inflation has continued to run below the Committee’s 2 percent longer-run objective, only partly reflecting because of earlier declines in energy prices and in prices of non-energy imports. Moreover, market-based measures of inflation compensation and survey-based measures of longer-term inflation expectations have declined.
2. Consistent with its statutory mandate, the Committee seeks to foster maximum employment and price stability. The Committee currently expects that, with appropriate monetary policy accommodation, economic activity will expand at a moderate pace and labor market indicators will continue to strengthen. Inflation is expected to remain low in the near term, in part because of earlier declines in energy prices, but to rise to 2 percent over the medium term as the transitory effects of past declines in energy and import prices dissipate and the labor market strengthens further. The Committee sees the risks to the economic outlook as tilted somewhat to the downside. 
3. Against this backdrop, the Committee decided to maintain the target range for the federal funds rate at 0.25 to 0.5 percent. The stance of monetary policy remains accommodative, thereby supporting further improvement in labor market conditions and a return to 2 percent inflation. The Committee judges that an increase in the target range will not be warranted until the risks to the outlook are more closely balanced and inflation moves closer to 2 percent on a sustained basis.
4. When adjustments to the target range become appropriate, their timing and size will depend on the Committee’s assessment of realized and expected economic conditions relative to its objectives of maximum employment and 2 percent inflation. This assessment will take into account a wide range of information, including measures of labor market conditions, indicators of inflation pressures and inflation expectations, and readings on financial and international developments. The Committee expects that economic conditions will evolve in a manner that will warrant the federal funds rate remaining, for some time, below levels that are expected to prevail in the longer run. However, the actual path of the federal funds rate will depend on the economic outlook as informed by incoming data. 
5. The Committee is maintaining its existing policy of reinvesting principal payments from its holdings of agency debt and agency mortgage-backed securities in agency mortgage-backed securities and of rolling over maturing Treasury securities at auction, and it anticipates doing so until normalization of the level of the federal funds rate is well under way. This policy, by keeping the Committee’s holdings of longer-term securities at sizable levels, should help maintain accommodative financial conditions.


