>> Alternative A 
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in June indicates that the labor market strengthened and that economic activity has been expanding at a moderate rate. Job gains were strong in June following weak growth in May; on average, payrolls have risen at a moderate pace in recent months. Although some labor market indicators point to improvement in labor market conditions, the unemployment rate has held steady, on net, since the beginning of the year. Household spending has been growing strongly but business fixed investment and residential investment have been soft. Inflation has continued to run below the Committee’s 2 percent longer-run objective, only partly reflecting earlier declines in energy prices and in prices of non-energy imports. Moreover, market-based measures of inflation compensation and most survey-based measures of longer-term inflation expectations remain near their lows. 
2. Consistent with its statutory mandate, the Committee seeks to foster maximum employment and price stability. The Committee currently expects that, with appropriate monetary policy accommodation, economic activity will expand at a moderate pace and labor market indicators will strengthen further. Inflation is expected to remain low in the near term, in part because of earlier declines in energy prices, but to rise gradually to 2 percent over the medium term as the transitory effects of past declines in energy and import prices dissipate and the labor market strengthens further. In light of global economic and financial developments, the Committee sees the risks to the U.S. economic outlook as tilted somewhat to the downside. 
3. Against this backdrop, the Committee decided to maintain the target range for the federal funds rate at 0.25 to 0.5 percent. The stance of monetary policy remains accommodative, thereby supporting further improvement in labor market conditions and a return to 2 percent inflation. The Committee judges that an increase in the target range will not be warranted until the risks to the outlook are more closely balanced and inflation moves closer to 2 percent on a sustained basis. 
4. In determining when adjustments to the target range for the federal funds rate might become appropriate, the Committee will assess realized and expected economic conditions relative to its objectives of maximum employment and 2 percent inflation, along with risks to the economic outlook. This assessment will take into account a wide range of information, including measures of labor market conditions, indicators of inflation pressures and inflation expectations, and readings on financial and international developments. The Committee expects that economic conditions will evolve in a manner that will warrant the federal funds rate remaining, for some time, below levels that are expected to prevail in the longer run. However, the actual path of the federal funds rate will depend on the economic outlook as informed by incoming data.
5. The Committee is maintaining its existing policy of reinvesting principal payments from its holdings of agency debt and agency mortgage-backed securities in agency mortgage-backed securities and of rolling over maturing Treasury securities at auction, and it anticipates doing so until normalization of the level of the federal funds rate is well under way. This policy, by keeping the Committee’s holdings of longer-term securities at sizable levels, should help maintain accommodative financial conditions.


