>> Alternative A
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in September indicates that the labor market has continued to strengthen and economic activity has been expanding at a moderate pace. Job gains have been solid, on average, in recent months, but the unemployment rate and other indicators of labor utilization have changed little, on balance. Growth of household spending has slowed and business fixed investment has remained soft. Inflation has continued to run below the Committee’s 2 percent longer-run objective, only partly reflecting earlier declines in energy prices and in prices of non-energy imports. Market-based measures of inflation compensation remain low; most survey-based measures of longer-term inflation expectations are little changed, on balance, in recent months.
2. Consistent with its statutory mandate, the Committee seeks to foster maximum employment and price stability. The Committee expects that, with appropriate monetary policy, economic activity will expand at a moderate pace and labor market conditions will strengthen further. Inflation is expected to remain low in the near term, in part because of earlier declines in energy prices, but to rise gradually to 2 percent over the medium term as the transitory effects of past declines in energy and import prices dissipate and the labor market strengthens further. The Committee continues to closely monitor inflation indicators and global economic and financial developments.
3. Against this backdrop, the Committee decided to maintain the target range for the federal funds rate at 0.25 to 0.5 percent. In light of subdued pressures in the labor market and still-low levels of inflation, the Committee judges that an increase in the federal funds rate will not be warranted until evidence emerges that inflation is moving closer to 2 percent on a sustained basis. The stance of monetary policy remains accommodative, thereby supporting further improvement in labor market conditions and a return to 2 percent inflation. 
4. In determining when adjustments to the target range for the federal funds rate might become appropriate, the Committee will assess realized and expected economic conditions relative to its objectives of maximum employment and 2 percent inflation, along with risks to the economic outlook. This assessment will take into account a wide range of information, including measures of labor market conditions, indicators of inflation pressures and inflation expectations, and readings on financial and international developments. The Committee expects that economic conditions will evolve in a manner that will warrant the federal funds rate remaining, for some time, below levels that are expected to prevail in the longer run. However, the actual path of the federal funds rate will depend on the economic outlook as informed by incoming data. 
5. The Committee is maintaining its existing policy of reinvesting principal payments from its holdings of agency debt and agency mortgage-backed securities in agency mortgage-backed securities and of rolling over maturing Treasury securities at auction, and it anticipates doing so until normalization of the level of the federal funds rate is well under way. This policy, by keeping the Committee’s holdings of longer-term securities at sizable levels, should help maintain accommodative financial conditions.


