>> Alternative A
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in March indicates that labor market conditions have improved further even as growth in economic activity has slowed. Growth in household spending has declined. Since the beginning of the year, the housing sector has improved further but business fixed investment and net exports have been soft. A range of recent indicators, including strong job gains, points to additional strengthening of the labor market. Inflation has continued to run below the Committee’s 2 percent longer-run objective, only partly reflecting earlier declines in energy prices and falling prices of non-energy imports. Market-based measures of inflation compensation remain low; survey-based measures of longer-term inflation expectations are little changed, on balance, in recent months.
2. Consistent with its statutory mandate, the Committee seeks to foster maximum employment and price stability. The Committee currently expects that, with appropriately accommodative monetary policy, growth in economic activity will pick up to a moderate pace and labor market indicators will continue to strengthen. Inflation is expected to remain low in the near term, in part because of earlier declines in energy prices, but to rise to 2 percent over the medium term as the transitory effects of declines in energy and import prices dissipate and the labor market strengthens further. The Committee sees downside risks to the economic outlook and is closely monitoring inflation, indicators of longer-term inflation expectations, and global economic and financial developments.
3. Against this backdrop, the Committee decided to maintain the target range for the federal funds rate at 0.25 to 0.5 percent. The Committee judges that an increase in the target range will not be warranted until inflation moves closer to 2 percent on a sustained basis and the risks to the economic outlook are more closely balanced.
4. When adjustments to the target range become appropriate, their timing and size will depend on the Committee’s assessment of realized and expected economic conditions relative to its objectives of maximum employment and 2 percent inflation. This assessment will take into account a wide range of information, including measures of labor market conditions, indicators of inflation pressures and inflation expectations, and readings on financial and international developments. The Committee expects that economic conditions will, for some time, warrant maintaining the federal funds rate at levels below those that are expected to prevail in the longer run. However, the actual path of the federal funds rate will depend on the economic outlook as informed by incoming data. 
5. The Committee is maintaining its existing policy of reinvesting principal payments from its holdings of agency debt and agency mortgage-backed securities in agency mortgage-backed securities and of rolling over maturing Treasury securities at auction, and it anticipates doing so until normalization of the level of the federal funds rate is well under way. This policy, by keeping the Committee’s holdings of longer-term securities at sizable levels, should help maintain accommodative financial conditions.


