>> Alternative A
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in January suggests that economic activity has been expanding at a moderate pace. Household spending has been increasing at a solid rate in recent months, and the housing sector has improved further; however, business fixed investment and net exports have been soft. A range of recent labor market indicators, including strong job gains, points to some additional strengthening of the labor market. Inflation has picked up in recent months; however, it continued to run below the Committee’s 2 percent longer-run objective, partly reflecting declines in energy prices and in prices of non-energy imports. Market-based measures of inflation compensation declined further remain near historically low levels; some survey-based measures of longer-term inflation expectations declined further. 
2. Consistent with its statutory mandate, the Committee seeks to foster maximum employment and price stability. The Committee currently expects that, with appropriately accommodative monetary policy, economic activity will expand at a moderate pace and labor market indicators will continue to strengthen. However, global economic and financial developments in recent months pose downside risks to the outlook for economic activity and the labor market. Inflation is expected to remain low in the near term, in part because of earlier declines in energy prices, but to rise to 2 percent over the medium term as the transitory effects of declines in energy and import prices dissipate and the labor market strengthens further. In light of continued low readings from measures of longer-term inflation compensation and expectations, the Committee judges that the risks that inflation will fail to rise to 2 percent over the medium term have increased.
3. Given the economic outlook and associated risks, the Committee decided to maintain the target range for the federal funds rate at 0.25 to 0.5 percent. The Committee anticipates that it will not increase this target range until inflation moves closer to 2 percent on a sustained basis and the risks to the economic outlook are more closely balanced.
4. When adjustments to the target range become appropriate, their timing and size will depend on the Committee’s assessment of realized and expected economic conditions relative to its objectives of maximum employment and 2 percent inflation. This assessment will take into account a wide range of information, including measures of labor market conditions, indicators of inflation pressures and inflation expectations, and readings on financial and international developments. The Committee expects that the federal funds rate will remain, for some time, below levels that are expected to prevail in the longer run. However, the actual path of the federal funds rate will depend on the economic outlook as informed by incoming data.
5. The Committee is maintaining its existing policy of reinvesting principal payments from its holdings of agency debt and agency mortgage-backed securities in agency mortgage-backed securities and of rolling over maturing Treasury securities at auction, and it anticipates doing so until normalization of the level of the federal funds rate is well under way. This policy, by keeping the Committee’s holdings of longer-term securities at sizable levels, should help maintain accommodative financial conditions. 


